Chapter 6: A Surprising Endorsement
A Surprising Endorsement

Hun let out a cry of pain, hitting the ground after being thrown off balance by an agitated ponyta. Attila quickly got it calmed down then went to his friend in concern. "Hun, you okay?!" he exclaimed.

Hun grimaced, arms shaking as the agent tried to rise onto hands and knees. Attila quickly caught his partner when Hun nearly collapsed again, helping the other up. "You haven't mentally recovered, I haven't physically recovered," Hun said, letting out a painful breath.

"Right. You're on the sidelines 'til I help uncle finish up with the animals," Attila said, frowning. Hun nodded in agreement and limped inside to rest and maybe do a bit of research into what kinds of Pokémon they could capture and bring back to the boss.

A couple hours later, Attila and his Uncle came in. "You did good, son," Attila's Uncle said, clapping a hand on Attila's shoulder with a smile. "Good to see you haven't lost it or gone soft in the city."

"Well, not totally in the city, I still find time to do some riding and roping and whatnot," Attila replied, smiling and brushing back his hair.

His Uncle smiled gently. "I've missed you, Attila. Been empty on the ranch without you," he said.

"I've missed you too, Uncle," Attila replied.

"Proud of the man you've become," his Uncle said.


Attila was quiet, smile falling a bit. "Yeah, well… if you knew everything I'd done you wouldn't be…"

"I know you made a lot of mistakes growing up. I'm not that naïve, kiddo," his Uncle seriously said. "But you're still here, alive, and that tells me you stopped a lot of that, or at least have been fighting it."

"I have," Attila answered. "Just… doesn't always feel like I'm doing good enough. Every time I regress…"

"Keep on trying, Attila. You'll make it," his Uncle said. "If things get really, really bad, then you know you can come here. I can pile enough work on you to keep you too busy for that sort of stuff."

"Thanks Uncle," Attila replied, smiling.

Attila's Uncle looked over at Hun. "Fine woman that. You're a good worker, Hun," he said.

"Thank you, sir. I'm afraid I haven't been pulling my weight here though," Hun answered, not looking away from a book the agent had found and had become engrossed in.

"You can't help being injured," Attila's Uncle brushed off. "So… you're my nephew's partner." Hun glanced up inquisitively. "Romantic?"

Attila groaned, face-palming and shaking his head. Hun blinked, taking in the question. "No," the agent answered. "Best friend."


"Only best friend? She seems right up your ally," Attila's Uncle replied, nudging his nephew.

"You so sure Hun's a she?" Attila teased, smirking. His Uncle had been addressing Hun as such all through their stay.

His Uncle blinked blankly then turned to sum up Hun, who was back into the book again. The man didn't answer, instead scratching his head in confusion. "Wouldn't Hun correct me if I were wrong?" he asked.

"Nope. Hun likes to keep 'em guessing," Attila said. "Some people address my partner as a he, others address Hun as a she. Never speaks up, just rolls with it."

"Do you even know?" his Uncle asked.

"I didn't have the slightest clue for months and months when I first met Hun," Attila replied. "But yeah, I've figured it out by now."

"Son of a gun," his uncle replied, a bit mystified. "Well, none of my business anyway I suppose." He turned to his nephew. "So, you're leaving tomorrow then?"

"Yeah. Probably the afternoon, maybe the morning, depends on what we get done tonight. Kind of hoping to bring something back for our boss. Possibly a few pokémon," Attila replied.

"Why pokémon?" the man asked.

"The boss it pretty big on rapidash. Loves 'em. Has his own little farm outside the city where he keeps them. The more the merrier. Also has a fondness for getting to know about pokémon native to places he's never been, so figured we might try and wrangle a few wilds and cart 'em back," Attila said.

"Well then good luck, nephew. Early morning's always a good time," Attila's Uncle said. "It's been wonderful to see you again. Let's not wait so long until next time, hmm? Now if you and Hun'll excuse me, I need to get some rest. Dinner's on the stove for whenever you're ready. I'll grab a bit and eat it in my room then go straight to sleep."

"Night Uncle. Love you," Attila said.

"Night Attila. I love you too," his Uncle said, gently squeezing his arm and walking away.

PKMN

Attila smiled after his uncle then turned to Hun. "You okay?" he asked.

"No," Hun admitted.

"Dammit. You shouldn't have been pushing your body so soon," Attila said. "Scale of one to ten, how bad's the pain?"


"It was an eight until I took a pill. Currently it's about five," Hun answered.

"You've gotta get checked out. It shouldn't be taking this long for you to recover," Attila said.

"Perhaps," Hun answered. The agent put the book down and rose. "Let's get some air."

"I've had plenty, but sure," Attila agreed, shrugging. The two walked outside and went to the fence, leaning on it and looking out over the mountain view. For a time neither of them spoke, just taking it all in. "What'd I tell you, Hun? Beautiful or what?" Attila said.

"It is," Hun agreed.

"I'd love to take Annie up here some time. See how she'd like it," Attila said. "Peaceful here, not so hectic. When and if I retire, it'll be to this place. Love everything about it."

"Hmm," Hun hummed. "It would be a good place to raise a family."

"Well, I'm not looking for anything like that just yet," Attila said, blushing a little bit and scratching the back of his neck.

The other nodded. Quiet again. "Perhaps we should go for a walk and try to track something down for Giovanni," Hun soon said.

"Not happening. You need to rest. Morning will be a better time anyway," Attila said.

"Very well," Hun replied, not bothering to argue. "You're right."

"Damn right I'm right," Attila stated.

"What kinds of Pokémon might we see?" Hun asked.

"Well, probably sawbuck, pretty likely we'll run into a bibarel, maybe a few plant and bug types. Pichu and minccino evolutionary lines probably. I think a sawbuck would be a pretty fine catch," Attila said.

"It would be," Hun agreed. "Very well. Tomorrow morning."

"Okay. Night Hun. Take a couple pain killers before bed and you should sleep pretty well," Attila said, clapping his friend's shoulder before leaving to go inside. Hun remained standing by the fence for a few more minutes before returning inside as well to rest.

PKMN

Attila tossed a pokeball and smirked when his target was caught. "There. Easy as getting Jessie to talk about herself," he said, tucking it away into a box of other pokeballs they'd been collecting for the boss. This latest one was a sawbuck. They'd gotten a few rare bug types, a couple rare bird-types, a good number of forest sorts… It was a pretty good haul overall.


"Pikachu!" they heard a pikachu say as it leapt from a bush. Hun sent out Steelix. The pikachu was fairly determined, but ultimately didn't stand a chance. Hun caught it easily.

"I don't get why Jessie and James have such a time of catching one lame pikachu," Attila remarked as Hun added it to the box.

"According to them it's an abnormally strong one, and the trainer who takes care of it extraordinarily determined, stubborn, and devoted," Hun answered. "Apparently the friends he makes along his way, and the allies, are as devoted to him as he is to his pikachu."

"You buy that excuse?" Attila asked.

"I do," Hun answered. "The boy is like James, in many ways."

"Huh?" Attila said.

Hun was quiet. "His pokémon are more than just tools to him. They're friends, in fact even family. In James's case he loves them as if they were his children. In the boy's, he loves them as if they were his siblings. They will both do whatever it takes to protect them, and they will both fight tooth and nail to keep them safe no matter the cost to themselves. I've seen how dearly James cares for his pokémon, and so I do believe what they say about this child they pursue."

"You keep a real close eye on Jessie and James's careers, don't you?" Attila remarked.

"I suppose," Hun said.

"I mean, you bend over backwards to convince the boss to give them the benefit of the doubt half the time," Attila said.

"I see potential. You see it too," Hun answered.

"Why do I feel like in your case it's more?" Attila asked.

Hun simply shrugged and didn't reply. "We should return to your uncle and collect our things. We're cutting it close as is," the agent said. Attila dropped the subject and nodded.

PKMN

"Goodbye Uncle. I'll try to visit again soon," Attila promised. He gave the man a bear hug.

His Uncle grinned, holding him back. "Goodbye Attila. Have a safe trip. Oh, before you go I want you to have these." His uncle held out a box of pokeballs.

"Huh? What are they?" Attila asked curiously.


"They're Rapidash. For your boss," his uncle replied.

"What? Uncle there are so many. You can't afford to just give these away!" Attila said.

"I wasn't keeping them, nephew. I don't have room for that many here. We're full up and I make plenty selling the ones I have. They would have just gone to a pokémon center or somewhere like that. They lost their home to expansion and were caught in a bad way. They could I suppose be re-released into the wild, but I think your boss might have good use for them. You too maybe," his Uncle stated.

"Whoa… Thank you Uncle. Thank you," Attila said.

"Goodbye son. Love you," his uncle said.

"Bye Uncle. Love you too," Attila replied, waving as he left the ranch with Hun. "Man, the boss is gonna be over the moon."

"This was quite the productive weekend indeed," Hun agreed, nodding.

"Mew!" something said suddenly. Hun and Attila started, whirling to look out over the valley. Attila gasped. Hun's mouth dropped. Something flew by. Something very distinct.

"Hun, that's a…" Attila began.

"Mew," Hun said in shock. Well, well, well, it had been a long time. The two exchanged looks.

"Giovanni will wanna know about this," Attila said. "Hey, wasn't an agent from a while back sent after it?"

"Yes. Miyamoto was her name," Hun answered.

"Miyamoto. That was… Damn, she was somehow connected to, oh who was it?" Attila said, trying to think.

"Jessie," Hun said. Attila looked at his partner questioningly. "She was Jessie's mother," Hun clarified.

Attila looked back at where it had disappeared. "You think she's still alive? Maybe even still after it? Kind of weird to think about. That every time anyone on Rocket has crossed a mew, Miyamoto might not have been far behind. They may have almost found her again."

Hun was quiet. "Don't… describe it like that to Jessie. She might not take well to it," the agent soon said.

Attila glanced over curiously but then nodded. He guessed he could understand why that was. "Giovanni will be happy to hear it's been spotted again, but honestly I figure Mew's kind of old news at this point," he said. "With all the other legendries being discovered, it's kind of lost its novelty."

"Hmm. A legendary is still a legendary, and this one among the least sighted and among the top five most powerful, perhaps even top thee," Hun said. "It's relevant yet. Now let's go." Attila nodded.


PKMN

"Goodbye mother. It was wonderful to see you again," Jessie said to her mother, holding her foster parent's hands in hers.

"It was wonderful to see you too, darling. I've missed you," the woman replied. She glanced passed Jessie to James, who was currently holding off his fiancée whilst attempting to say goodbye to his own parents. "Hold on to that one dear," her mother teased, smirking. "That engagement won't hold up, and he won't stay on the market forever."

Jessie blushed deeply. "Huh? Me and James? Oh no, mother, don't be silly. We're just best friends," Jessie said, grinning innocently.

"Hmm… If feels to me like there may be a little more than friendship there," her mother said.

"There isn't," Jessie insisted, blushing deeper.

"Keep my words in mind, dear," her mother said, smiling. She gently kissed her foster daughter's hair. "I love you Jessie."

"I love you too," Jessie said, sounding a bit vulnerable as her mother walked away. She heard a Rocket jet coming in and looked up. Attila and Hun were returning. Probably with plenty of goodies for the boss. Maybe she could grab a favor from them and beg for some of their prizes for her and James to present. She approached Meowth, who was watching James and his family. Meowth looked back at her, shrugging hopelessly. Jessie paused next to the scratch cat to observe.

PKMN

"Jessebelle, let go of me!" James insisted, trying to keep her off him. She was getting agitated. James finally managed to duck under her embrace and go to his grandparents. "Goodbye Nanny, Pop-Pop. It was wonderful to see you again. I've… I've missed you. I'll try and visit more often, I promise."

"Do that little James. We've missed you something terrible too," Pop-Pop said. He and Nanny embraced their grandson gently and drew away. "Oh, almost forgot. We brought you somethin'."

"Really?" James asked, curious.

"Oh yes, that's right! It's right here dear," Nanny said, pulling a pokeball from her apron and handing it to James. "I think you've waited long enough for this."

James took the pokeball, wondering about it, then released the pokémon within. "Chime!" it cried out.

He all but squealed and screamed in delight. "Chime!" he exclaimed in glee.

"Chime, chime!" Chime cheered, shooting to James and wrapping around his head in glee, tightly squeezing. James burst into joyous laughter, grabbing his chimecho tight and holding it close in delight, rocking it in his arms as it clung to him just as frantically

"It's okay again! Oh Nanny, Pop-Pop, thank you, thank you thank you. Ooh I've missed you so much darling Chime," James gushed, almost in tears from happiness. Nanny and Pop-Pop grinned gently, putting their arms around one another and watching their grandson fondly.

Just then James remembered his parents and stopped celebrating, wincing. He turned a bit nervously to them, unsure how to go about this. He approached his mother first, finally, and took her hand in his. "Goodbye mumsy. Thank you for coming all this way to see me. It must certainly have been out of the way." He raised her hand and kissed it gently.

"Oh my deah, it weren't anythin' at all. I've been curious about yoah job for some time now," his mother answered, smiling softly at her son.

"I'm sure she has," Meowth muttered to Jessie. Jessie shushed him.

"It was wondahful t' see you again. I… was worried I might not…" the woman continued.

"Huh?" James said.

"Goodbye Jameson. It was… enlightening, to see your place of work," his father said.

"Enlightening?" James asked a bit gloomily.

"Enlightening," his father confirmed. "We're pleased to see you well. Until next time then, son. Should there be a next time,"

James winced a bit, looking guilty. "Goodbye father," he quietly said. Lord Kojiro nodded and turned his back, wrapping an arm around his wife's waist. "Come Dinah, we really must be going."

Lady Kojiro looked back, something of a wistful look in her eyes, expression soft and tender and… apologetic…? "Goodbye James. I… I love y', dahlin'," his mother gently said.

James started, blinking. She smiled gently at him once more before moving away with her husband. "You do?" James said, a bit confused. Maybe it was just a protocol and she didn't mean it.

PKMN

James' parents disappeared as Jessie and Meowth came up to him. "Well, that went better than expected," Jessie said.

"Chime!" Chime cheered, flying to her and wrapping around her as well.

"James, get this thing off me!" she insisted, worried it was messing up her hair. She pulled it away from her face, scowling at it. It still looked overjoyed to see her and her expression softened. "Alright, perhaps I missed you too," she said, sighing.

"Maybe it did go better than I thought, but not by much," James said. It felt… empty to see his parents go. Words left unsaid, wounds ripped open or never mended, nothing said or done to make anything feel… okay again. He supposed it might not ever be, and that just… It left him feeling hollow inside… So hollow. He looked around. "Butch and Cassidy are back," he remarked, seeing them pulling up to headquarters and getting out of the car.

"So are Attila and Hun, and it looked like dey brought back all kinds of goodies for de boss," Meowth said.

"Maybe you should put Hun's recent interest in you to good use and get us a few so we can get on Giovanni's good side," Jessie said.

"I can try I suppose," James said.

"What's de deal wit' you two anyway?" Meowth asked.

"Hun and Attila both have started to take an interest in our team again, and Butch and Cassidy's. They see potential. I think they're tossing around the idea of mentorship," James answered.

"That we understand. What we're asking about is Hun's interest in you specifically," Jessie said.

"It's really nothing Jess," James said.

"Is there something going on between you two?" she asked. She hated the slight… resentment she'd say, that was trying to creep into her voice.

"What? No! Nothing like that," James said. "I'm quite sure it's more a senpai-kohai thing, or perhaps even sibling."

"Sibling? You don't know Hun dat well," Meowth said.

"Eee! Then it's mentor-mentee, look let's just find them, beg for pokeballs, then call it a day, huh?" James said nervously, obviously frantic to get out of this conversation.

"James," Jessie growled.

"Jessie, trust me. If I can promise you nothing else, I can promise you this. There is absolutely nothing of a romantic nature between me and Hun," he said, taking her hands.

She glared then sighed. "Alright. I'll believe you," she said.

"Now let's go mooch pokeballs!" Meowth cheered.

PKMN

Attila and Hun approached Giovanni's office with the two boxes they had. "Yoo hoo! Attila, Hun," Jessie's voice sang out. They glance over to see her grinning and waving flirtily.

Attila smirked in amusement. "Oh boy, here it comes," he said to his partner.

"Welcome back! Ooh, what a nice big haul of pokeballs you have there, so shiny and new. A good assortment I'm guessing? You two are among the best Team Rocket has to offer, after all," she said.

"You know it," Attila said, grinning.

"For the boss?" Jessie asked, playing innocent.

"You know you can cut the crap, Jess. You want a few just ask," Attila said.

She blinked. "Really?" she asked.

"No guarantee we'll give you them," Attila answered, winking. Jessie sweat-dropped.

"But we need to score points with the boss!" James said.

"Want a pikachu?" Attila said, grinning coldly.

"Huh?!" Meowth, Jessie, and James exclaimed, falling over.

"Y-you caught Pikachu?" Meowth asked, despondent.

"Not your pikachu, but a pikachu," Attila replied, taking pity on them.

"Here, take these," Hun said, tossing them three. "They should be sawbuck, bidoof, and minccino. One for each of you. Don't expect this often." Hun looked at James. "If we keep saving you, how will you ever get better?"

James blinked before a grin spread across his lips. He nodded subtly in understanding. "Thank you, Hun," he said. Hun nodded back then entered Giovanni's office with Attila. Jessie and Meowth stared at James, trying to puzzle it out.

PKMN

"Attila, Hun, you've returned. I trust your weekend went well?" Giovanni said as they came in. Standing at his back were his executives.

"You bet boss," Attila said, dumping the two boxes of Pokeballs down on the desk. He stood up again and saluted the others in the room. "Ariana, Archer, Petrel, Proton, Grey," he greeted. They saluted back. Most Team Rocket members would be nervous and flustered upon entering the boss's office only to be faced with the executives alongside Giovanni. Attila and Hun were among those who kept their cool because they knew they had nothing to worry about.

"What have we here?" Giovanni asked.

"Souvenirs. This box here? All rapidash. Figured they might come in handy for transportation when missions take us where there's no vehicle access," Attila said.

"A good idea. They would certainly be useful. Fast, sleek, able to catch up to enemies or targets and escape from them swiftly," Archer mused, picking one of the balls up. "An excellent idea."

"And the rest?" Ariana said.

"Mystery box," Attila replied.

"You know I don't like being surprised," Giovanni said.

"Have we ever let you down with a haul?" Attila asked.

"Hmm. A fair point. Very well. Excellent job you two. Anything else of note?" Giovanni asked.

The two exchanged looks before turning back to the boss. "We saw a mew," Hun said.

Giovanni started, looking quickly back up from the pokeball he was examining. "What?" he said.

"Where?!" Proton demanded.

"In the Black Hills," Hun said.

"In the Black Hills? What on earth is it doing there?" Grey asked.

"It's been so long since last it appeared," Petrel said, obviously shocked at the sudden reappearance of the legendary.

Giovanni was quiet. "Did you pick up any signals?" he soon questioned.

"No sign of Miyamoto, sir," Hun answered.

"Use that name in caution, Hun," Giovanni warned, tone going a bit dark.

"Yes sir. Apologies," Hun replied.

"Hmm… We will have to look into this. Perhaps set up a mission plan. I don't suppose you two would be interested in it?" Giovanni asked.

"Should no one else be willing then perhaps we will, but as it is, it's a bit too soon for us to be back out in the field for a high profile mission such as this. At least solo. Especially so soon after the Plasma incident," Hun answered.

"Hmm… Annie and Oakley? Tyson and Domino?" Giovanni wondered aloud.

"Perhaps Jessie, James, Butch, Cassidy, and Meowth," Hun said.

"What?!" Attila and Giovanni exclaimed together in shock, Giovanni shooting to his feet and slamming his hands on the desk in disbelief.

"Did they not do well in Unova?" Hun questioned. Giovanni stayed quiet. "They have the skill, Giovanni, and the drive. They can succeed, whatever it is you want done regarding Mew."

"So willing to vouch for them, are you?" Giovanni asked. "Can you tell me for certain they will succeed?"

"Maybe not the first time, perhaps not even the second or third, but it will only be a matter of time, that I can promise you," Hun said.

Giovanni sat back down looking ponderous. "You're taking a big risk, Hun," he finally cautioned.

"Perhaps, but perhaps not," Hun answered.

"Would you stake your career on this?" Giovanni asked.

"Am I risking my career?" Hun asked.

"If you were," Giovanni said.

"Yes," Hun replied without hesitation. "I would stake my career on it, and more."

Giovanni thought this over. "I will… consider the suggestion. Again, excellent work, both of you. Dismissed." Saluting Giovanni and the executives, the duo left the office, leaving the boss and his seconds to their thoughts and plans.

PKMN

The minute they were out of earshot of the office, Attila turned to his partner. "Hun, are you crazy?" he demanded. "In front of the boss and his executives you endorse Butch, Cassidy, Jessie, and James of all people?"

"They will succeed, Attila," Hun said.

"Hun, this is insanity!" Attila protested, following his partner as Hun went to a window to look down on the courtyard, arms folded. "Jessie and James won't stand a chance in hell and you know it. Same with Butch and Cassidy."

"You underestimate them. Everyone does. I find however, Attila, that often those who are the most underestimated, are among those who least deserve to be," Hun said. Attila followed his partner's gaze, finding Butch, Cassidy, Jessie, James, Meowth, and Raticate in the middle of a big argument. "They will succeed. Of that there's no doubt. Just watch them."

END

(Final A/N: Thank you for reading. I hope you all enjoyed. Reviews are very much appreciated and thank you for all of them. The next one in the series will be called Double Trouble 3: Mission Mondo. The title is self-explanatory as to who it will be showcasing quite a bit. Hopefully I can start posting it in the next few days or maybe next week. Thank you again for reading.)