Chapter 2: An Unwelcomed Shock
An Unwelcomed Shock

Butch observed silently as Cassidy packed some things up for the trip. "Are you sure going to him is the smart thing to do?" he asked.

"No, it's probably the dumbest choice I've ever made, but… Look, it's something I have to do, okay?" she replied. She rose and shouldered her pack. "Ready to jet, Patch?"

"For the last time it's not Patch, it's Butch!" Butch shot viciously, shouldering his own bag. "Ugh, let's just get this weekend from hell over with." She smirked after him and followed. The two slipped into a Team Rocket jet and buckled in.

Discover more
TV show merchandise
Mobile app development
Cookie policy compliance
"Powering engines," Butch said, flicking a few switches.

"Engaging manual control," Cassidy said, pressing a sequence of buttons.

"Ready for liftoff?" Butch asked.

"Let's fly," Cassidy confirmed with a smile. Butch grinned back and quickly drove the jet down the runway. In seconds they were in the air and flying towards the Team Rocket headquarters in Cassidy's home region.

PKMN

It wasn't long before they arrived at their destination. They climbed into a rental car and Butch started driving. Cassidy was silent, watching out the window as the scenery passed by and obviously thinking deeply about something. Butch shifted a bit uneasily. "Hey Cass, what's up?" he asked.

"Just drive," she answered.

"Look, I wanna…" he began.

"Help, I get it. Thanks but no thanks," Cassidy cut off a bit testily. Butch frowned and harrumphed. Fine. If she wanted to be like that, fine. It wasn't long before Cassidy directed Butch down a road and to a house. They pulled up the driveway and looked it over.


"Nice place," Butch remarked.

"It is," Cassidy admitted, unfastening her seatbelt. "Postcard perfect." Butch glanced over at her as she climbed out, catching the resentment in those words.

He frowned in concern and unbuckled, climbing out after her and staring at the place. "I've never liked perfect," he soon said. She glanced at him from the corner of her eyes. He glanced at her in the same way and smirked.

A small smile pulled at her lips before she turned to the door again and took a deep breath. "Well, let's go," she said.

"Right behind ya," Butch answered.

The two approached the door. Cassidy, clearly nervous, said, "Now remember, don't do anything stupid. Like it or not he's still my father."

"In what sense of the word?" Butch grumbled. He wasn't sure what had estranged Cassidy from her old man, but he didn't like it so he decided before even meeting him that he didn't approve of the guy.

"Behave," Cassidy warned, narrowing her eyes at him. He groaned but nodded nonetheless. Cassidy paused outside of the door and rang the doorbell.


"What's your story for havin' me here?" Butch whined.

She paused thoughtfully. She hadn't really thought about that yet. "We'll figure it out as we go," she decided.

"But Cassidy…" Butch began. Just then the door opened and the two quickly looked ahead at the guy. Butch's eyes widened in shock, his mouth dropping. The man was huge! Solid muscle and alarmingly tall. "Holy sh…" Butch began.

Cassidy quickly covered his mouth. "Hi daddy," she sang innocently.

The man looked her over from head to toe and smirked frigidly. He focused on Butch, summing him up. "Who's this?" the man gruffly asked.

"Who, this? Uh, this is Butch," Cassidy replied. It would figure she wouldn't even get a hello.

"Hooch, huh?" her father asked.

"The name is Butch, didn'cha hear her introduction?!" Butch demanded, shoving Cassidy's hand off his mouth. Why did everyone always forget his name? Seriously, it wasn't that hard to remember!

"Come in," the man said, granting them entrance. Cassidy walked in. Butch followed, slumping and muttering under his breath.

Discover more
Anime & Manga
Anime
Author interviews
PKMN

They sat in silence, Cassidy's father on an easy chair. Butch was perched on the only other seat in the room. Nice place outside, sparsely furnished inside. Cassidy leaned against a wall. There was awkward silence between the group. "Cassidy, come sit on daddy's knee," the man finally said to his daughter, looking over at her.

"I'm fine," she replied, staring at the ground.

"Come on, sweetheart, don't worry," her father said.

Butch, teeth grinding, reached out and seized Cassidy's arm, pulling her down onto his own lap. "Sorry sir, but Cass has already got a spot reserved just for her. Ain't that right, doll?" he flirted.

She quickly caught on and grinned at her friend. "You know it baby," she answered, nuzzling his nose with hers and putting an arm around his neck.

"What is your relationship with my daughter?" the man demanded of Butch.

"She's my fiancée. We got engaged a few months ago," Butch lied.

"Did you now? I didn't think Cassidy would ever find someone who would waste their time on her," Cassidy's father replied. Cassidy winced, glancing down at the ground with a hurt expression.


"It was the other way around, sir. I didn't think she'd waste her breath on me," Butch said.

"Not a surprise," Cassidy's father said.

Butch started. "Hey, what's that supposed ta mean?!" he demanded testily.

"Some kid from the slums, no doubt," Cassidy's father replied. Butch fumed.

"Daddy!" Cassidy sharply shot. "Don't be rude!" It had become obvious quickly, though, that she was the last thing on the minds of the two men who were currently busy staring each other down. Well, the pressure was off her for now at least, she wryly figured, but that wasn't going to make this weekend any more fun. Given the way the two males were glaring at each other this would, in fact, be quite the roller coaster ride. It reminded her of a couple of alpha males in a pack getting ready to duke it out over food, a mate, or leadership. It wasn't a shocker their personalities would clash, but she'd hoped it wouldn't come to this. She sighed. This was going to be an eventful weekend.

PKMN

James whimpered as his parents, Nanny and Pop-Pop, Growlie, and Jessebelle came towards him. "Man up, James," Jessie warned.

"I don't wanna!" James complained, ducking behind her. She wasn't there long, though.

"Mother, yoo-hoo!" Jessie called out, catching sight of her foster mom and hurrying towards the woman.

"Jessie, don't leave me!" James pled.

"Don't worry, Jimmy, ya still got me," Meowth said, teasingly smiling up at his friend.

"Mah dahlin' James!" Jessebelle exclaimed, running towards him.

"Help!" James cried out in terror. Jessebelle was suddenly there, though, her arms draped over his shoulders.

"Now is that any propah way tah greet a lady?" she pouted to him.

"Already?!" James exclaimed. Not even three seconds and his 'fiancée'—if you wanted to call her that—was already trying to correct his behavior. Growlie barked excitedly and managed to pull away from James's father, bounding towards James. Jessebelle screamed in disgust, moving out of the way as the growlithe leapt on his master, knocking him to the ground. "Growlie!" James excitedly exclaimed, laughing and vigorously petting the Pokémon, rough housing with him. "I've missed you too, dear Growlie!"

Growlie barked happily then snarled at Jessebelle. "Growlithe!" it howled loudly, tossing its head back. Good, if his growlithe kept it up maybe he wouldn't have to worry so much about Jessebelle, James realized.

"Why I'll be. Little James lookin' all professional here at work," Pop-Pop said.


"We've missed you, sweetie-pie," Nanny added.

"Nanny, Pop-Pop!" James excitedly greeted, going to them swiftly and pressing a kiss to his Nanny's head. Warmly he hugged Pop-Pop, grinning, then he turned his attention awkwardly to his parents. "Mother, father," James greeted, swallowing nervously and bowing to them. He wasn't sure, really, how to address them. He never had been. What was right one day was wrong the next, or he would do the wrong thing when they were in the wrong mood and get a stern talking to for not doing it right.

"James," the two cordially greeted. He heaved a sigh of relief. At least he hadn't gotten a huge lecture.

Just then Jessie and her foster mother approached the rich couple. Nanny and Pop-Pop smiled sweetly at them. Jessebelle harrumphed in disdain, realizing immediately that this 'Jessie's' mother was very likely dirt poor. James's parents looked less than thrilled but not quite as put out as Jessebelle seemed to be. "James, meet my foster mother," Jessie introduced. She hardly had to meet his family, they'd all been introduced already, but James had never yet met her foster parent.

"It's a pleasure young man," Jessie's foster mother said, offering her hand to James.

James took it and brought it to his lips, kissing it lightly. "The pleasure is all mine," he replied, smiling at her. "Jessie has spoken of you before." Not often, in fact Jessie was quite tight-lipped when it came to her birth mother and foster mother, but often enough.

"Ooh, Jessie, he's a keeper," Jessie's foster mother said. James and Jessie blinked blankly at each other then grinned innocently, awkwardly rubbing the backs of their necks as they blushed.

"Hello, I'm…" Jessie's foster mother began, turning to James's family.

"I'm sure, dear lady, we don't care," James's father cut off. "We came here to speak with our son. James, follow."

"I don't want to!" James replied, extremely reluctant. If they wanted to speak to him and Jessebelle was here… He shuddered at the possibilities.

"James!" his mother said, appalled at his defiance.

James swallowed nervously. "I mean, in a moment, mother. Perhaps we should all go inside and enjoy the banquet, hmm? It's been especially prepared for the families of us office employees," he covered quickly.

"Hmm…" James's father began.

"Let's go, kiddo. Could do you some good," Pop-Pop said, patting James's father's back.

"I suppose," James's father relented with a sigh. "Lead on."

As they walked through the large courtyard, James's mother glanced to the side and paused, frowning curiously. Her eyes lit up and a smirk crossed her lips. "Why I do declare. Dahlin', come heah," she called softly to her husband.


Curious, James's father turned to his wife. "Yes lovey?" he asked.

"Is that who I think it is?" she asked, pointing out an employee sitting by a fountain, observing the people who were walking in the yard. Near at hand was another, a friend most likely, with whom the employee was speaking. Listening, rather, as the friend was currently chatting on about something his teammate seemed interested in hearing.

"Why, I believe it is," her husband replied. "Father, mother, look." Nanny and Pop-Pop turned curiously then grinned.

"Mumsy, father, Nanny, Pop-Pop?" James asked, picking up on the fact his parents and grandparents weren't near. He was all too glad for the reason to shake Jessebelle off his arm. The four began walking away without an explanation, though. Confused, Jessie and her foster mother, James, Jessebelle, Growlie, and Meowth all followed.

PKMN

"So, where are your old man and lady in all this chaos?" Attila—who had just finished telling Hun about the Uncle who had raised him when no one else could be bothered, and who he was soon going to go visit—asked, skipping a stone in the water.

"I have no parents. Or family for that matter," Hun answered. None that were known at least.

"What do you mean? Everyone… Oh," Attila said, catching on quickly. Him and his big mouth. "Uh, sorry." Hun hummed, but the agent's gaze was fixed on four approaching figures. Hun rose and walked away without warning.

Attila watched confusedly and shook his head. Hun. Sometimes he wondered about his partner. They'd known one another for years and had been friends since their training days, though their 'official' partnership was actually pretty new. Rivalry had become friendship once Hun found out Attila actually had a brain to go with the bulk. They'd both spotted a supposedly real-world challenge as simply another test, you see, and Attila had happened to be the first to mutter about it. Hun had heard and had been impressed. It was hard to impress that tightwad. The rest was history. Yet even with all the time he'd spent around Hun, he still couldn't for the life of him figure his partner out! Heck, he'd make do with knowing whether he'd even scratched the surface. Hun didn't talk a lot. Despite that, though, it didn't make their friendship any weaker. He shrugged and followed his partner's lead.

PKMN

Hun approached James's parents and grandparents. In front of the shocked eyes of Jessie, James, Meowth, Jessiebelle, and Attila, the agent took hold of James's mother's hands and kissed her cheek gently. James's mother grinned approvingly. Hun did the same for Nanny, then for James's father and Pop-Pop as well. "Baba, Oji, Sobo, Sofu," Hun greeted them each in turn.

James blinked blankly. Wait. Auntie, Uncle, Grandmother, Grandfather? Bells went off in his head and he started, eyes flying open in shock. "What?!" he exclaimed as the others gaped.

"But you just said you didn't have a family!" Attila said to Hun.

"I don't," Hun replied.

"Wait, hold everything! Where do you know my parents from?!" James demanded, torn over whether to feel hurt or betrayed or both. What was this? What even was happening?! Wait. His conversation with Hun came back to him in detail. Was this why the other had seen fit to tell him he didn't know his parents as well as he thought he did? Because Hun knew them? And the way Hun had partially defended James's parents... James's stomach twisted uncomfortably. Suddenly that whole conversation seemed to be so much clearer, and he didn't like it.

"Your coworker stumbled upon your Nanny and Pop-Pop's residence a while back quite injured," James's father said.

"That's right, little James. We took the poor thing under our wing and got Hun all healed up right," Nanny said.

"Stuck around for a while afterwards. Didn't talk much but was a good helper. Good worker," Pop-Pop said.

"When your folks came to visit us one day, we introduced them all. The rest, as they say, is history," Nanny finished. Growlie barked excitedly, leaping up on the agent with tail wagging.

"It's been a long time, Hun," James's mother said. "You've no doubt done well foah yoahself."

"Ah ha! So you're who they keep comparing me to!" James accused, pointing a finger at Hun and feeling more than a little stung. "No wonder I couldn't hope to meet their standards."

"You put too little faith in yourself, James. You were all they ever spoke of," Hun replied.

"Huh?" James asked, looking confusedly at his parents then back at Hun. The others watched this all unfold with eyes wide in disbelief.

"You were our chile, James," James's mother said.

"Our missing presumed dead by the police child," James's father added, grimacing at the memory of the night the police had knocked at their door. They'd told them the odds of their son being found were nonexistent. They'd told them he was probably dead. They'd told them the case was no longer a priority of theirs… The man banished the memory immediately.

"It was through Hun that your folks were able to find you, little James," Pop-Pop said.

"Turncoat!" James accused Hun angrily. In more ways than one, at that, and they definitely would be having a talk about this when they got a chance.

"They spoke of you, showed me a picture. I recognized who you were. How was I to know you didn't wish to be found? If I had understood that, they would have died still wondering what had become of their child, never knowing if you were even alive or dead," Hun said, pointedly adding the last part. James winced, a feeling of guilt washing through him before quickly being banished.

"No more lookin' back on those days. Let's all just try and get along like a family should. Please!" Nanny pled, not liking the tension in the air.

"Of course, Nanny," James replied, eyes softening as he noticed the old woman's discomfort. He took her hands in his reassuringly, stopping her from wringing them. He didn't want to stress Nanny too much. She was elderly after all, and likely not in the best health. He'd noticed that not all the pills Nanny and Pop-Pop had around the summer house were for Pokémon. "Let's continue to the banquet." He shot and accusing look at Hun, who glanced away. They definitely would be talking about this later.

PKMN

"Hey Slumdog, get over here!" Cassidy's father barked sharply. He and Butch were in the kitchen doing the dishes while Cassidy dealt with some paperwork she'd needed to finish up for Giovanni.

"Who ya callin' Slumdog, perv?!" Butch demanded.

"Hah! What lies has she been telling you? That tramp is a spoiled, manipulative little bit…" Cassidy's father began. Butch punched him as hard as he could right in the mouth.

"Shut up about Cassidy, freak! Whether she's lyin' or not—and I'm banking she isn't—I'm on her side one-hundred percent!" Butch yelled.

"You little punk!" Cassidy's father yelled. Immediately the two came to blows, attacking each other viciously.

Upstairs, Cassidy heard a tussle and turned quickly, suddenly very alert. She heard Butch cry out in pain and gasped, shooting from her chair and racing out of her bedroom. She charged down the stairs and reached the kitchen. She started, eyes widening. The two men were on top of each other rolling across the floor! Butch wouldn't stand a chance if her father got the upper hand. "Butch, Daddy!" she furiously screamed. Immediately the two stopped, quickly looking over at her in surprise.

"Cass!" Butch exclaimed.

"No need to worry, sweetheart. It was just a little… playful wrestling," her father said, casting a glare at Butch so scathing that it could probably have cut through steel. Butch gritted his teeth furiously as he stood, clenching his fists.

"Right, completely mutual," Butch backed. She almost scoffed. It was so painfully obvious they were both lying that it was sad.

"If he's going to be my future son-in-law, I've got to see if he can protect you like a man," her father declared.

"I'll do it infinite times better than you did," Butch sneered.

"Here, friend, an Admissions Pass to a club where I'm sure you'll be a hit," the man said, reaching into a pocket and bringing out a card, handing it over to Butch. Butch blinked at it blankly. Immediately fury darkened his features as his face flushed brightly in anger.

"You sick scumbag!" Butch screamed, seizing the man's collar and slamming him against a wall. Immediately he began pounding mercilessly on Cassidy's father until the bigger man took the upper hand again and kicked him violently to the ground, card dropping to the floor. Cassidy picked it up curiously. Her mouth dropped in outrage. Long story short, by giving Butch this card her father had in so many words told him to go get himself, well, take a guess, at a certain perverse bar where her partner would have been a hit. A big, big, big hit.

"How dare you?!" Cassidy screamed at her father, a furious protectiveness surging through her at the mental imagery that had come to mind. She went to help Butch, but just then the door was knocked on. The three froze. After a moment Cassidy's father went to answer, opening it up to Officer Jenny!

PKMN

"Good morning, sir. We got a call from some of your neighbors about a disturbance," Officer Jenny cautiously said, a few other police at her back just in case.

"Sorry. I was just teaching my daughter's boy toy some wrestling moves," the man replied.

"Boy toy?!" Butch shouted from somewhere behind.

Cassidy clamped a hand firmly over his mouth, scowling warningly. "Hush," she hissed. "Team Rocket isn't exactly on good terms with the law, in case you've forgotten, Barry."

"It's Butch," Butch mumbled through her hand.

"Uh huh, well then you won't mind if we ask them some questions," Officer Jenny replied.

Cassidy and Butch almost panicked. "Quick, disguises stat!" Cassidy shot. Swiftly the two dove into the bathroom and changed into disguises. Butch threw on a fake mustache and some glasses, covering his hair with a hat. Cassidy put her own hair up, threw on some sunglasses, and placed a fake beauty mark on her cheek. Quickly they scrambled out and hurried to the door grinning innocently.

"Hi, I'm Cass-andra. Yes, Cassandra," Cassidy said, grinning.

"And I'm—ugh, I can't believe I'm saying this—I'm Mitch," Butch said. He had to bite his tongue to keep from screaming to himself that his name was Butch.

"One letter off," Cassidy's father muttered.

"You want a piece of me old man?!" Butch yelled, clenching a fist.

"This doesn't seem like a friendly lesson," Officer Jenny said. "Mitch, Cassandra, are you two alright?"

"Oh, we're fine. Daddykins and Butch—I mean Mitch!—always get like this," Cassidy said.

"Really? You get my name right after I pick a new one?" Butch demanded in an undertone.

"Force of habit?" she lamely replied, awkwardly rubbing the back of her neck with a grin.

"I'm sorry, but if there's any sort of assault going on…" Officer Jenny began.

"You're about a decade or so too late," Butch grumbled sourly.

"Behave," Cassidy warned, stepping warningly on his foot. Butch whimpered at the pain and nodded his head quickly. She removed her foot from his. "It's okay. When daddy and Mitch start this kind of stuff it's really nothing to be worried about. It's all just an act. Nice to see you, thanks for checking in, bye," she quickly finished, slamming the door in Officer Jenny's face. They waited until they were sure the police were gone, then relaxed with sighs of relief. Cassidy's father harrumphed and went to go watch TV. Butch and Cassidy frowned and ditched the disguises. Cassidy returned upstairs to work on her paperwork and Butch, reluctantly, sat to watch the TV too and daydream about many painful ways in which to take out his partner's father.