Chapter 3: A Clashing of Opinions
A Clashing of Opinions

(A/N: One of the secrets revealed in this chapter stems from the episode 'Holy Matrimony', when James's parents make their dramatic entrance.)

James burst into Zager's office in terror. "Save me, Dr. Zager!" he begged the man.

"James, what on Earth?" Zager demanded of him.

"It's Jessebelle. She's back! She wants me to marry her, Professor. I can't, and she won't make me!" James insisted, clinging to the man's legs tightly. "Please, please, please, don't let her take me away! I can't marry Jessebelle! If I do I can kiss goodbye to Team Rocket, Jessie, Meowth, and freedom!"

Zager blinked at him. He had no idea what James was talking about, but he knew desperation when he saw it. "James? Oh James, where are y', dahlin'?!" a voice called out. Presumably Jessebelle.

Zager looked towards the door. She was close. He wouldn't bother to ask questions. James being in this frantic state was good enough reason for him to intervene. "Alright, come," he said, pulling James to his feet and quickly stashing him in a pod. He went quickly back to work. This young girl, Jessebelle, came in, looking around. "May I help you, Miss?" Zager questioned.

"I'm lookin' foah a young man with lavendah hair. Greenest eyes y' evah did see, and beautiful as a model," Jessebelle answered. "Took off aftah we got a bit to eat at the buffet."

"I'm afraid I haven't seen him. Perhaps he has gone outside," Zager said.

"Why thank y' kindly, Doctah," Jessebelle replied, turning and leaving. Zager waited a few moments then let James out of the pod.

James gasped for breath. "That woman will be the death of me," he said. He sighed. "At least she gets my hair color right."

"It seems you have quite the problem, Jameson," Zager said, smirking at the agent.

"You haven't the slightest idea," James lamented. "What am I supposed to do? Hmm… Doctor, do you think you could perhaps make a hate potion?"

Zager looked incredulously at him then smirked. "I have better," he said.

"Better?" James questioned.

"Much better," Zager answered. "The next time Jessebelle goes after you, flee to Professor Sebastian. He has his ways. He will deal with your problem."

"Not, um, permanently, right?" James uneasily asked.

"Nothing like murder, James. Trust me, my boy. It will be worth it," Zager said, chuckling and going back to work. It would perhaps take a bit longer, but it would be done.

James tilted his head curiously before deciding he really had nothing to lose. He sighed. "Have you seen Hun, Doctor?" James asked.

"I believe Hun is in conference with Professor Sebastian," Zager answered. "Why?"

"Because Hun and I need to talk," James replied, frowning.

"I was unaware you knew Hun in any capacity besides coworker," Zager said.

James started. "Huh? Oh, uh, yes, well, got to go! Tootles," he said. Quickly he darted out. Zager blinked blankly in surprise then frowned, crossing his arms suspiciously.

The second James stepped outside the lab… "James!" a thrilled voice exclaimed. James screamed and ran in terror. He knew that voice. "James, where are y' runnin'?! Get back heah deah!" James didn't stop. He hated family weekend! Especially when his parents considered this woman his wife already. Oh well, he'd been told to go to Sebastian's lab anyway he supposed. Zager said Sebastian would know what to do, after all.

PKMN

"This, in theory, would make it possible to harness the power of a legendary and infuse it into Pokémon that are not," Sebastian was narrating to Hun, talking about a device Rocket scientists had been working on.

"I see. What's the risk to the Pokémon?" Hun questioned.

"Well, we'll never know if we don't test it," Sebastian replied. Hun pulled out Steelix's Pokeball and looked at it. After a moment it was tucked away again. Sebastian tsked Hun but said little else.

Just then the doors flew open. Sebastian and Hun turned quickly. James raced in looking flushed, panting. "James?" Hun asked.

"Hide me!" he exclaimed. "The devil woman is here!"

"Devil woman?" Sebastian questioned.

"His fiancée," Hun explained.

"Ah. I know the feeling," Sebastian said, smirking teasingly.

"Very well," Hun said, gesturing for James to follow.

"Why, Jameson, did you decide to come here?" Sebastian questioned.

"Because Doctor Zager said you had ways of dealing with these situations," James answered frantically.

"Ah," Sebastian said, nodding in understanding. He offered little else. Hun escorted James quickly into another room and gestured for him to hide in a closet. James was quick to do so. Hun leaned against a desk in the room and began flipping through a book boredly.

PKMN

Jessebelle raced into the room she could have sworn James had entered, looking around. There seemed to be no one here. "May I help you?" a voice suddenly asked. She gasped, turning quickly with a hand going to her heart. To the side was a man with a goatee, glasses, and black hair with a streak of white, who looked to be in his forties.

Jessebelle said nothing a moment, blinking in surprise. The way this man carried himself and spoke reminded her of a character in a Victorian novel. "I-I'm lookin' foah someone," she answered.

"Looking for someone? I see. Who, might I ask, are you looking for my dear?" he questioned.

"An employee of yoahs. James. He's mah fiancée, you see," she answered.

"Fiancée? How old are you, my dear?" Sebastian questioned.

Jessebelle shifted. "Twenty-foah," she replied.

"Tsk, tsk, tsk. Such a young age to be engaged," Sebastian said. "Why you have hardly had time to even discover yourself. I have never understood such rushing."

"I'm plenty old enough!" she protested. "Besides, I've been engaged t' him since childhood. We're set t' be married, and there ain't anythin' anyone can do 'bout that."

"I do not intend to stop you, dear child. I simply marvel at why you would be so eager to give yourself to a man you have not known since your childhood," Sebastian answered. "Marriage is no small step, dear girl. It brings many challenges along with it, and what freedom's you have now you may not have after."

Jessebelle frowned at him. "I'll do what I want," she said.

"I have no doubts you will," Sebastian answered.

"Where's mah dahlin' James?" she questioned.

"Why I can assure you I haven't the faintest notion," Sebastian said, turning back to his work.

"Yoah lyin'," she answered.

"Am I? And what makes you so sure of this?" he asked.

"I saw James makin' his way ovah heah," Jessebelle answered. Sebastian chucked but said nothing. "Tell me wheah he is or I'll search maself!"

"Go on," Sebastian answered. Jessebelle's eyes narrowed. She harrumphed and began doing just as he invited, searching around. Soon, with nowhere else left to look, she returned dejectedly to her spot. "Are you satisfied?" Sebastian asked, not looking up from his work. She gave him a cold glare and huffed, turning her nose up and pulling open the door to leave. "You are Miss Rumika, are you not? Jessebelle?" the Professor asked suddenly.

She paused, turning. "How do you know? Does James speak about me?" she asked.

"He does. Often. I'm afraid it is never in a flattering way," Sebastian said.

Jessebelle's hopeful look became offended and perhaps a little hurt. "I see…" she murmured. She turned again to leave.

"A man, dear girl, does not appreciate being chased and stalked any more than a woman does. At least most do not," Sebastian said. She glared coldly at him and walked out. "You can do better, Miss Rumika," Sebastian called after her. "Find another boy of your age who will afford you the respect and love you deserve. One who will not flee at the mere mention of your name." Jessebelle scoffed.

PKMN

James waited tensely in the room Hun was in. He had felt smothered in the closet and so had dared to risk coming out. He was currently watching Hun do, well, nothing. Read, basically. He didn't mind watching, though. Hun was letting him read over the shoulder, so he couldn't say he was bored. In fact, he was quite engrossed in the book. So much so that he nearly had a heart-attack as the door opened. Hun simply flipped to the next page, not even looking up.

James blinked at Sebastian as he entered. "Professor, I thought you were Jessebelle!" he said. "Is she gone?"

"She is gone. A stubborn one, that," Sebastian remarked. "Not at all what I expected."

"You don't know the half of it," James glumly replied.

"James, she seems like a perfectly fine young woman. If not a little obsessive," Sebastian said, smirking at James in amusement.

"She's a dominatrix," James deadpanned. Hun looked up from the book on hearing this, blinking. "She is!" James insisted. "She uses a whip and has a fondness for disturbing and questionable objects in dungeons."

Sebastian raised an eyebrow. Well, that was disturbing. He shrugged. "Whatever the case, she is gone. You are safe for now," he stated.

James breathed a sigh. "Thank you, Professor," he said. "Um, do you have a way to… deal with the situation permanently? Without killing her?"

"My dear boy, I am just a man," Sebastian answered. "There is only so much I can do. Should the girl wish to stalk you, I cannot stop her. All I can do is plant doubt in her mind and hope it takes root. I attempted to plant doubt about the practicality of the engagement, but she seemed quite vehement. However, there were some signs it may have been taken to heart. As I said, there is only so much I can do. But bit by bit, doing 'only so much' starts to accumulate.

James groaned. "Come James. Let's get back outside," Hun said, patting James's shoulder. James nodded and followed, recognizing this as an opening for them to have a talk. Good. Hun wasn't trying to avoid it.

PKMN

Butch watched Cassidy agitatedly, arms folded as she put her things in her drawers. He had determined to just live out of the bag for the weekend. Wasn't like they were here for long anyway. "Okay Cass, I have no clue what's goin' on between you and your old man, but give me a clue before I do something we all regret. Have I hit the nail on the head with anything I've accused him of?"

"I don't want to talk about it Botch," Cassidy said.

"It's Butch!" Butch snapped. "Look doll, I'm assumin' all kinds of horrible stuff, and if I let it fester we're gonna be leavin' the house with a body buried in the back yard."

"It's complicated, Butch, okay?!" Cassidy shot. "Just stay out of daddy's way and I'll try to keep him out of yours. The weekend will pass."

"The hell is wrong with you, Cass? And your old man for that matter? What happened, dammit?!" Butch shot.

"It doesn't matter anymore, okay?! It doesn't matter!" Cassidy yelled, spinning on him with a scowl, tears burning her eyes that she hated.

He pursed his lips, summing her up. "Okay. I'm gonna kill him," he soon said simply, turning to head out.

"What? No, no, Butch, don't you dare! Butch!" Cassidy said, hurrying after her partner. "Butch, he's my father, please!" she exclaimed, seizing his arm and quickly moving in front of him.

"Do you even love him?!" Butch demanded.

Cassidy was quiet, cursing the stabbing pain in her heart. "Please, it's complicated. Just-just let it go. What happened, happened. It's done. I don't live here anymore, I don't have to deal with him, it's just… it's done. Come on."

Butch glared at her, eyes narrowed. Finally, though, he relented, pulling away from her grasp but not continuing onward. "He rubs me the wrong way again, Legendries help him."

"He's gonna rub you the wrong way, just-just grin and bear it. For me," Cassidy said.

Butch grumbled. "Fine," he said. She breathed a sigh of relief. "Hey Cass."

"What?" she asked.

"You got my name right," he sang. She started and flushed before slapping him with a vicious scowl. He yelped. Honestly, though, he'd seen it coming. He frowned, rubbing his cheek.

PKMN

"Why didn't you tell me you knew my parents?" James demanded of Hun.

"It wasn't relevant," Hun answered.

"How wasn't it relevant?! They're my parents!" James replied.

"Whom you had had no contact with for years and years. When I first met them, James, I wasn't even aware they were your parents and grandparents. I thought your father looked familiar, but I never put the pieces together until I saw a picture of you as you are now in your grandparents' house and mentioned it. When your grandparents informed your parents that they suspected I might know you, your parents begged to know where you were. Lord and Lady Kojiro had been good to me, and so I told them the region I suspected you were in. That's all. I mentioned I'd crossed your path once or twice and claimed that was the extent of my knowledge," Hun said.

"Why didn't you tell me when you remembered our mutual past?" James asked insistently.

Hun met James's eyes for a long moment. "I don't know," the agent finally answered. "Perhaps because I didn't feel it was important, and I didn't take into consideration that you might feel the opposite. You never spoke to them, you could hardly be bothered with them, so why should you have cared that I knew them? And if you didn't care, why bother telling you? I visited only rarely, you visited even less and even then only went to see your grandparents, and so it wasn't as if it was likely our paths would cross in that place. If they had I would have told you why I was there. I never intended to hide it from you, but there was no reason to tell you either."

"That's not the whole reason and we both know it," James argued, frowning.

Hun sighed through the nose, looking towards James's family who were conversing with an uncomfortable looking Jessie and her mother. "Jessie needs you," Hun said.

"Jessie can handle herself. I need this answer," James replied.

Hun turned back to him. "Because you needed someone to rant to and confide in when Jessie and Meowth couldn't be bothered to listen, and it was to me you came. You felt… comfortable, opening up to me about them and about your problems with them. Would you have felt so comfortable saying those things if you'd known I knew them? You would have bottled it up and never spoken of it, and that isn't something you should have had to do. It isn't something anyone should have to do."

"Says the ruler of those who do?" James replied. Hun's jaw twitched ever so slightly. James winced. "I'm sorry," he said, bowing his head. "I shouldn't have said that."

"Even before you told me the full story in all its detail, you would complain to me about them and express your frustrations. Would you have done so had you known I knew them?" Hun pressed, giving no sign of holding a grudge.

"No," James admitted, bowing his head.

"Then do you understand why I kept quiet about it?" Hun asked.

James was quiet. "I suppose. In part," he finally admitted.

"At least it's something. I never meant to make you feel betrayed, James, and I'm sorry for that, but I don't regret that I kept silent about knowing them," Hun said. James was quiet. Hun looked towards Jessie and her mother and James's family. "She needs you. Very much. Aristocracy and peasantry are starting to clash."

"Oh no," James groaned. "I should have known this would happen. I'm coming Jessica!" Immediately he raced off to come to the rescue as best he could. Hun shook her, or his, head and headed off to find Attila.

PKMN

"I applaud yoah determination to be a mothah, of coahse ma deah, but feedin' yoah little girl snow meals? Y' really think that was any sort of sustenance for a growin' chile?" Lady Kojiro said.

"I did the best I could! We had no money. I couldn't work because of a bad injury, and Jessie was too young. I lived off foster cheques and Welfare! I did the best I could!" Jessie's foster mother said, tears burning her eyes.

"Of coahse I don't question that, but if y' couldn't affoahd a chile, I doesn't understand why y' didn't say as much and let her go to someone who could," Lady Kojiro said, genuinely concerned and confused.

"Because I loved my daughter and if I could have I would have adopted her!" Jessie's mother snapped, brushing her eyes furiously. "No wonder you can't understand that given your relationship with your son!"

Lady Kojiro looked like she'd been slapped, hurt and pain and guilt crossing her expression briefly. Lord Kojiro scowled, pushing in front of his wife. "How dare you question my wife's devotion to our boy?!"

"You engaged him when he was seven and drove him to run away from home and never look back!" Jessie's mother said.

"We only wanted what was best for him!" Lady Kojiro insisted.

"You wanted what was best for you! That's why you think in terms of what would have been best for me instead of what was best for Jessie," Jessie's mother said.

"Uh, mother, father, how about we…?" James began, arriving and taking a stand beside a devastated looking Jessie, seizing her hand tight. Jessie pressed against him and he took her in his arms gently.

"Livin' off snow food and one pair of clothes in a shack barely fit for two isn't what's best foah a little chile'!" Lady Kojiro argued, ignoring her son.

"You think like a materialistic snob who thinks only of comfort, not a loving mom who cares about her child's emotional wellbeing," Jessie's mother said.

"Because having your hair washed in kerosene, being belittled and beaten and demeaned for having nothing, getting hot coins thrown at you in hallways by bullies, and worse, is so emotionally healthy!" Lord Kojiro barked suddenly, sharply, and loudly.

PKMN

All eyes went to Lord Kojiro in shock. Lord Kojiro had gone tense, eyes wide in disbelief as if he couldn't believe he'd just said that. Nanny and Pop-pop looked like they'd been struck. James acted without thinking, lunging and shoving his father roughly. Lord Kojiro gasped, staggering back and almost falling, though he managed to catch his balance. Lady Kojiro covered her mouth, as did Jessie's mother.

"How dare you say that?! In front of Nanny and Pop-Pop? What gives you the right to say something so callous and stupid when they did everything for you?!" James furiously shouted at his dad, more angered at his father's words than he was shocked to learn that his father had been dirt poor. And believe him, he was shocked. Shocked was in fact an understatement.

Lord Kojiro looked stunned at his son's behavior, then ashamed at the words, looking to the side and closing his eyes. James almost went at him again for not answering. "Little James, stop!" Pop-Pop said, getting between the livid James and the ashamed Lord Kojiro. "You haven't heard the full story so at least let that come out before you go turning on your father."

"No. He's right. I shouldn't have said…" Lord Kojiro, shaken, began to say.

"Enough of that right now!" Nanny insisted, going to her son and squeezing his arm tightly. "Your father and I love you, Johnathon, and we know you love us too." Nanny turned to James. "Sometimes though, sweet pea, that isn't enough."

"James, when your grandmother and I married, we had nothing. I had a plot of land I won in a bet that I built a little shack on, and that was it. We were young. We figured that a shack wouldn't matter, long as we were together and just us. We could live in squalor because we had one another, and we was happy with that. We never planned for a baby, in fact we decided we wouldn't have none until we had a steady income and a decent enough house to raise one in… But accidents happen, and next thing I know your Nanny is telling me she's pregnant, and we're still in this little shack living off the income I made doing odd jobs here and there for folk coming by. It should have been the happiest moment of our lives. Instead it was the worst."

Lord Kojiro visibly cringed to hear this, closing his eyes. "Don't you even, Johnathon. Not for a second," Nanny insisted, frowning. "You wasn't any kind of regret sweetie pie."

"I couldn't afford to take care of a family, not like I was, so I went and got a minimum wage job to try and start saving up for a baby. Nine months passed too fast and it felt like I'd gotten nowhere," Pop-pop said.

"I nursed your father two years and then some because it was the only kind of food we could afford to feed him. Sprinkle in a few crackers and some solid foods throughout just so he could start to wean off, and that was his diet," Nanny said. "Lived off three cloth diapers until he was trained, then when he was old enough I started to work because there weren't any way we could take care of ourselves and our son at the same time, so he ended up stuck with sitter after sitter. Then he went into school and the bullyin' started. Wearin' the same clothes for a week straight at a time? It couldn't be missed. More than once we was called in by teachers to have a talk. They were afraid we were neglecting him, and I suppose really we were, Pop-Pop and I always working and putting him with sitters."

"Mother…" Lord Kojiro began.

"You hush now," Nanny warned, cutting him off. "Even when we started spending more time with him we were still working a lot, and we only really saw him in the mornings and at night. That wasn't any way for a child to live! He started coming home with bruises and injuries and started just going straight to his room, and sometimes we could hear him crying and it was… it was the most awful thing. To hear your child like that… So one day me and Pop-Pop sat down and had a talk. Johnathon was becoming more and more isolated, and he started saying things that had us so worried that no child should ever say, like maybe we'd be better off without him or maybe it would be best if he just disappeared. We talked for hours and finally we decided the best thing… the best thing was probably to put him up for adoption or into foster care… It was all we had left to do to try and save him from what was happening to him!"

"He refused to go, of course. He insisted that as long as he had us it would be enough. He insisted having his parents was more important to him than money and anything else that was happening… And we believed him… Right up until…" Pop-Pop cut off, choking up slightly.

"How about we stop talking about this? Right now," Lord Kojiro firmly said, expression set and stern.

"But Johnathon…" Nanny began.

"James doesn't need to hear of our sordid pasts! This isn't even supposed to be about me. This is…" Johnathon began.

"He tried to hang himself," Pop-Pop cut in. Lady Kojiro caught her breath, covering her mouth in horror and shock. Jessie's mother's grip tightened almost painfully on Jessie's shoulders. James had gone pale, mouth dropping in shock.

"Father, enough!" Lord Kojiro shot.

"A child. A child, no more than six or seven, trying to hang himself," Nanny continued. "In the forest! It was nothin' short of a miracle he was found and saved in time. We drew the line. We sent him to live with people who could provide for him and take care of him and help him and be there for him where we couldn't! It didn't mean we stopped loving our baby. We visited him as much as we could, and he… he did so much better there. After the first year, and admittedly a few more attempts on his own life, it sorted itself out and he started to thrive. When some years later we had the money to take him back we did. In a heartbeat we did, and he was ecstatic about it too, so you see James, we understand why your father said those things. We realized them before he even did. Yes, he may have been out of line, but so was your mother and Jessie's mother, and everything's just gotten so out of hand."

James's eyes were fixed on his dad in shock, who was no longer looking at anyone. Jessie's eyes were perhaps fixed on the man more intensely than James's were. "Not everybody raises deir kids de same way. What's right for one family might not be right for another," Meowth finally dared to interject, albeit cautiously, trying for a neutral ground.

Lord Kojiro huffed and turned, marching quickly away from them with head bowed. "Johnathon!" Lady Kojiro called after him in concern.

Pop-Pop gently took her arm. "Let him go, Dinah," he said gently.

Jessie gasped and pulled away from her foster mom, running after the man. "Jessie, wait! Where are you going?!" her mother called worriedly. James remained frozen in place, eyes wide in shock as he continued trying to process all of this.

PKMN

"Lord Kojiro, wait! Lord Kojiro!" Jessie called after the man. He of course didn't wait. He didn't even slow down. Nevertheless, she kept after him. "Did all of that…? Were you…?" Jessie tried to begin, each time losing the words she wanted to say and trying to figure out how to express them. He kept moving. "I was there too!" she called after him. He paused. "You knew that though, didn't you? Did you… know it was like that for me too, or did you just suspect?"

Lord Kojiro finally paused, sighing and holding his head. Finally he turned to her, eyes narrowed. "I suspected you had had it quite bad. How alike you and I were I'm unsure."

"More than you'd think," Jessie quietly said. "Minus the… you know. Attempts. I coped in another way... It was bad in school for me too…"

"Can you really say you wouldn't have wanted something a bit more stable, Miss Jessie?" Lord Kojiro asked.

Jessie was quiet. Finally she looked up at him. "You didn't want something stable. You just didn't want to be your parents' burden. You weren't. That was what you told yourself, not what they thought... You nearly took your life staying. I would have tried to take mine if I'd gone away… I'd lost one mother already. I couldn't lose another, I couldn't! I endured. I put up with it because at least I had someone, and if I'd lost her… If I'd lost her that would have ended me, I think… You felt like if you'd stayed they would die, I felt like the only place that was safe was with my foster mother. She was what kept me alive."

Lord Kojiro was quiet. "I'm sorry about Dinah's words to your mother," he finally said.

"I'm sorry about my mother's words to you and your wife," Jessie replied. "And… and I'm sorry for what James did." Lord Kojiro's expression hardened slightly and he chose not to speak lest he say something he regretted.

"Would you have gone down this path, I wonder, if you'd left?" Lord Kojiro asked.

"Huh? I'll have you know I'm quite successful at my office job," Jessie replied, huffing and fluffing her hair.

"Don't insult my intelligence, Miss Musashi," he said.

"I haven't the faintest idea what you're…" she began.

"Prepare for trouble," he said. She stiffened. Slowly she turned to him, expression guarded. "Oh come now, you heard James's mother and I go through the first part of that motto the very first time you saw us when you and Meowth dragged James back home. Did you really not put the pieces together then? I gave you and James more credit than that." Jessie was quiet. "Make it double," he said, smirking.

She began to twitch slightly and whimper, obviously resisting the urge. "To protect the world from devastation!" she finally blurted, unable to hold it back. She quickly slammed her hands over her mouth.

His smirk grew. "To unite all peoples within our nation," he said.

"To denounce the evils of truth and love," she quickly said before biting her tongue again.

"To extend our reach to the stars above," he said.

"Jessie!" Jessie said.

"Johnathon, though I'm sure that's not what you're used to," he said.

"Team Rocket blasts off at the speed of light!" Jessie said.

"Surrender now or prepare to fight," he finished.

"Meowth, what the heck?!" Meowth's voice exclaimed. Both tensed, looking like a stantler caught in headlights, and swiftly turned.

"Meowth! What are you doing following me?!" Jessie demanded heatedly.

"I came ta check on ya and instead I see dis!" Meowth replied.

"He… picked it up," Jessie lamely said.

"Yeah right!" Meowth replied.

"Ooh, it's none of your business anyway! Come on, Lord Kojiro, let's return to our families," Jessie said, storming off. "Err, incidentally does this mean that James's mother…?"

"Yes," Lord Kojiro stated. "I wonder, Jessie. If we'd gone down one another's paths, if I'd stayed and you'd gone and we had both lived, would either of us have ended up tied to this place?"

Jessie pondered his question. "I'm… not sure," she finally admitted.

"A pity. But then I suppose we wouldn't be the people we are today if we had," he said, smirking slightly. She blinked then smiled as well.

PKMN

Jessie and Lord Kojiro approached their families. "Now listen up Meowth, not a word of this to James," she said.

"But-but Jess, he deserves to know!" Meowth protested in a whisper.

"And he will. Eventually. Just not right now," she said.

Meowth frowned. "Fine, but I don't like keepin' dis from him."

"It's his parents' choice whether he knows or doesn't," Jessie replied.

"Fine," Meowth grumbled reluctantly. "It won't be easy d'ough."

They reached the others. "Apologies for storming off," Lord Kojiro said.

"Right. Me too," Jessie said.

"What did you two talk about?" James nervously questioned.

"Shared pasts," Lord Kojiro answered. "We came to an… understanding. Dinah my dear, please do refrain from passing judgement on Jessie's poor mother. She did what she could, and obviously Jessie turned out alright enough."

"Enough?!" Jessie demanded, scowling. She almost went at him, but James held her back quickly.

"And you, dear woman, will refrain from passing judgement on us. That isn't your job," Lord Kojiro stated firmly, frowning at Jessie's foster mother.

"I know. I'm sorry. I was out of line," Jessie's mother answered, looking ashamedly down.

"Debatable," Lord Kojiro admitted. "But ultimately it's a… family issue. Not yours. Between me, my wife, and my son."

"Understood," she answered.

"Good. Then please, let's all at least try to be civil from this point on," Lord Kojiro said.

"Of coahse deah," Lady Kojiro replied. Jessie's foster mother nodded in agreement, gently taking her daughter's arms.

"Good. Then, madam, I should very much like to hear how you managed to care for both yourself and your daughter so well with so little," Lord Kojiro said.

"Father!" James protested.

"It's alright, James. I'm happy to talk about it," Jessie's mother said. James nodded nervously, wringing his hands afraid that at any moment everything could go south. This was going to be a nerve wrecking weekend, he realized. At least for him.