Chapter 5: Bowling Alley Incident
Bowling Alley Incident

"So, how long have you two known one another?" Cassidy's father asked.

"Hmm? Oh, for years," Cassidy answered, opening up a bit. "It took him a long time to work up the nerve to propose."

"Oh? I wonder why," her father replied. Cassidy winced, bowing her head.

"It was because I was sure I wasn't good enough for her and she'd just say no. Went into it expecting rejection. I just wanted to get it over with so I could try and move on. Like rippin' off a bandage," Butch said. Cassidy gave him a grateful look. He smiled, shooting a wink at her.

"How about we go out and do something today?" the man said.

"What did you have in mind daddy?" Cassidy asked, curious.

"Oh I don't know, maybe bowling, maybe a restaurant, maybe just a nice walk," the man answered.

"This seems suspiciously tame," Butch said.

Cassidy scowled, nudging him hard, then innocently grinned at her father. "Sure thing dad. We'd love that."

"Yeah, love it," Butch said, grimacing and rubbing the spot she'd nudged.

"Alright then. We'll take a walk to the bowling alley after breakfast and then go to a restaurant for lunch. Then we'll see what the afternoon shapes up to be," the man said.

"Uh, sure, o-okay dad," Cassidy replied, now visibly confused and guarded. Butch was glaring at the man with open suspicion, but didn't say anything, just went back to eating.

PKMN

The walk had been uneventful. Bowling, though, had been a surprise. Apparently Cassidy's father had gotten together a bunch of her old girlfriends from high school, and now Cassidy was over with them, giggling and laughing and reminiscing while Butch was stuck alone with her father. He got the feeling Cass's dad hadn't invited Cass's old friends here for her sake. He'd probably invited them here so he could catch Butch alone. Cassidy had probably seen it too, she just hadn't cared, too excited to reunite with her high school clique. Needless to say, Butch was not a happy camper, frown stretched clear across his face as he bowled and tried not to say a single word to her father for as long as he could.

"You're being very antisocial Butch. That's not good manners," Cassidy's dad said.

"Street punk, remember?" Butch flatly answered. He rolled the ball down the alley and actually did pretty good, if he did say so himself. Wasn't a strike, took another roll before he got them all down, but it was still damn good.

"Hmm. Tell me, what gang were you part of?" he asked.

"I wasn't part of just one. I joined up with whatever gang I happened to be around at the time. Tried for permanent membership in a couple and never got in," he said.

"Not good enough?" the man asked.

"I killed 'em," Butch said, smirking coldly. Cassidy's father started, blinking, then shut up. Good. The guy was getting the picture. "Guess you could say I was too good," Butch couldn't help but boast.

"Did they do something in particular to drive you to murder?" the man asked.

"None of your business what they did," Butch replied. "Your roll." The man frowned and rose, picking up the ball and lining up his shot. It took him two or three tries to get them all down, then he returned. Butch went up and began to line up his next roll. He let it go and grinned at the strike he'd gotten. He turned around and his proud grin vanished instantly as his whole body stiffened. Suddenly there were a lot more people gathered around their table watching him. Cassidy's father sat in the middle, smirking coldly. Butch summed the group up silently, body tense and a chill running up and down his spine. Oh fu...

PKMN

"Butch. Long time no see," one of the newcomers said. Butch stayed totally silent.

"Butch, you know them?" Cassidy's father asked, playing innocent like he didn't know.

Butch blinked, then relaxed his body, closing his eyes and chuckling bitterly, shaking his head. He opened them again, glaring at the newcomers. "Been a while, yeah," he agreed. "How's your boss, Simone?"

"Still six feet under, thanks to you. After he was put in the ground, I took over as boss," Simone said.

"Yeah, should have figured that. Here I thought you'd be a little grateful I saved your sorry backside," Butch said.

"The rules were the rules," Simone replied, shrugging.

"Yeah, well, you know me. I don't play nice with rules. You were supposed to be my friend. I wasn't gonna let him bury you. Simple as that. I'd watched it before with others and did nothing. Wasn't going through that again," Butch said.

Simone rose and approached him, getting close. Butch glared. Simone summed Butch silently up. "You seem to have done well for yourself."

"That coming to an end now?" Butch asked.

Simone met his eyes and for a long moment didn't answer. "You're lucky it was my gang he hunted down instead of one of the others you backstabbed," he finally replied. "You're lucky it was me you saved and me who wormed into the leadership role. Anyone else, this bowling alley would have become a bloodbath. As it stands, the only body coming out of it today is gonna be yours."

"Touching," Butch flatly replied. "Really, I couldn't be happier."

"Drop the sarcasm," Simone sneered. He looked down, thinking, then back up at Butch. "I can't be seen as soft, Butch. You know that's too much a risk... So try to make it seem like I actually tried to kill you."

Butch started then smirked. "Least I get a shot at survival I guess," he replied. "So go ahead. Legitimately try as hard as you want. You couldn't kill me either way."

"Still cocky as ever. Believe me, I could," Simone answered. "But I don't want to, so I'll do what's necessary and no more."

"Let's go then," Butch said. Simone shook his head then suddenly seized Butch behind the head, pulling a knife and driving it into his body! Butch cried out in pain, hands automatically going to cover the wound. He gave a gasp.

"Butch!" Cassidy screamed. Butch felt the knife enter and exit his body four more times before he was released and pushed back. He staggered, stunned, arms wrapped around his abdomen. He blinked at Simone, then down at the wounds. He shuddered slightly, sinking to his knees with a pained and wheezing gasp before gritting his teeth and hunching in on himself.

PKMN

Cassidy stared in shock, unable to comprehend what she'd just seen and frozen in place from the terror, as was most everyone else there. Her father watched on, a smug expression on his face, and she started to see red. No. No, no, no! "You bastard!" she screamed, going at her father in a rage.

Quickly Simone and his gang got in the way, some of them seizing her roughly and holding her back as she struggled against them, intent on strangling her parent. "You really gonna focus on that scumbag when your boyfriend over there's bleeding out?" Simone said.

Cassidy seemed to snap back to the reality of what had happened, paling and gasping. She looked quickly over then jerked free with an angered cry, racing to her partner and sliding next to him. "Butch. Butch, listen to me, Butch!"

He looked up at her, shivering a bit, and grinned cheekily. Tears glistened in her eyes but didn't fall. "Finish him," Simone ordered. The rest of the gang drew knives and guns, and then the screaming started as people realized what was happening and tried to bolt. Cassidy gasped, looking over at the approaching gang, and scowled, shooting to her feet ready to defend her partner with all her might.

"Prepare for trouble?" Butch said.

"Huh?" she said, turning to him. He smirked, winking. "Butch, you can't. You're…"

"Prepare for trouble," he said again.

Cassidy swallowed, turning to the gang that was nearly on them. The ones with guns took aim at her and Butch, and Cassidy became livid. She smirked wickedly and seized her partner, pulling him up and racing for cover as bullets started to fly. She dove behind it, dragging Butch with her. "Make it double," she replied, turning to her partner with a smirk. Her expression became worried again soon after, though. "Can you do this?"

Butch removed his arm. She started. There was far, far less blood than there should have been. "Knew I had history in this town. Stepped up the body armor a bit. I'm not what you'd call okay, but at least I'm breathin' and mobile."

"You clever bastard," she said in wonder. She grinned. "Then let's go." Immediately after they were finished up here, though, she was dragging him to a hospital.

"Fire!" Simone ordered. Their hiding spot was peppered with bullets!

PKMN

The gang didn't stop shooting until they were dry. Then they paused. No sign of movement. Had they got them both? Cassidy's father looked on in disbelief and unease. Cassidy ending up a casualty hadn't been in the plan, and he wouldn't be happy if she'd gone down with the street rat. "Did we get them?" one gang member finally asked, as they cautiously began to approach to investigate.

Just then laughter was heard and they all froze. Suddenly Cassidy flipped over the barricade, facing them with a triumphant smile. "Prepare for trouble," she said. They stared, confused.

Butch gritted his teeth and staggered to his feet, still bent over with an arm over his abdomen. "And make it double," he said from behind the barricade.

Simone seemed to catch on, eyes widening. "No. Way…" he said.

Cassidy grinned and whipped off her regular clothes, revealing the uniform underneath. "Shit!" one of the gang exclaimed as they began to back away nervously.

"To infect the world with devastation!" Cassidy said.

"Ugh, to blight all peoples in every nation!" Butch said, clambering painfully over the barricade and standing at Cassidy's side, still clutching his abdomen with one arm and unbuttoning the shirt he was wearing to reveal the uniform beneath. He didn't have the strength to whip it all off at the moment.

"To denounce the goodness of truth and love," Cassidy said.

"To extend our wrath to the stars above!" Butch said.

"Cassidy."

"Butch."

"Team Rocket circling earth all day and night!" Cassidy declared, spinning around in a circle and withdrawing a pokeball.

"Surrender to us now or you will surely lose the fight," Butch finished, tossing up one of his own.

"Raticate!" Raticate finished, leaping from its pokeball excitedly. Cassidy frowned and returned it.

PKMN

The gang members all but squealed in delight, totally throwing off Cassidy and Butch. In a second they were swarmed by eager faces all asking question after question after question, practically bouncing up and down. "Huh? Team Rocket has fans?" Butch said.

"Dude you got into Rocket?! How?! Why?!" Simone, one of the most eager, demanded excitedly.

"Uh…" Butch began.

"Are they as pathetic as everyone says, or is it secretly just a cover for how totally awesome and badass they are?" another member questioned. Cassidy's father looked flabbergasted.

"What did you do to get in?"

"Are you like a high-ranker or just a grunt?"

"Oh my gosh, are they here?!"

"Are you recruiting?"

Cassidy and Butch both sweat-dropped, grinning innocently and trying to calm everyone down. "Slow down everyone, slow down, we'll answer all your questions one at a time," Cassidy quickly said.

"And preferably after I stop bleeding," Butch added, grinning as innocently as Cassidy.

"Oh right! Dude, here, my pokémon knows heal bell."

"Wait, freeze, everyone just stop!" Cassidy's father shouted. All eyes went to him curiously. "What's even happening?!"

"They're Team Rocket, man!" Simone answered. "Team mother fu…lipping Rocket!"

"The most pathetic criminal organization of them all," Cassidy's father flatly said.

"You ain't in the underworld, man, you got no idea what you're taking about. It's people running in our circles who get a taste of the real story."

"Rocket's that legendary in the underworld?" Butch whispered confusedly.

"We may need to look into this," Cassidy muttered. It was surprising to her too.

"I told you where he was so you would take him out, not revere him!" Cassidy's father shouted.

"You total creep!" Cassidy yelled.

"Shut up!" her father snapped at her.

Butch scowled. "Hey, back off old man, or the next thing you're gonna know is Mightyena tearing out your throat!" he said, leaping in front of Cassidy with a vein pulsing in his head. He regretted it, groaning in pain and doubling over, shuddering and sinking to his knees again.

"Butch," Cassidy said fearfully, leaning next to him and taking his shoulders in concern.

"I'll survive," he said through gritted teeth.

"Gardevoir, Heal Bell!" the one who'd claimed to have a pokémon that knew the move said, sending out a Gardevoir. The sound played and Butch blinked before instantly relaxing with a relieved sigh, closing his eyes and feeling some of the wounds close. The worse ones would probably still need stitches and a doctor, but he felt a lot better now.

"Thanks," Butch said before rising again with Cassidy's help.

Cassidy's father, outraged, glanced at a nearby gang member with a gun at his side. Suddenly the man moved, seizing the weapon then aiming at Butch and firing! Butch cried out in pain as it struck his shoulder. Cassidy let out a surprised scream. The man prepared to shoot again, but Cassidy moved swiftly between him and her partner, staring at him with eyes wide. "Get out of the way, Cassidy, or I'll shoot through you," the man warned.

"What is your problem?!" Cassidy demanded.

The rest of the gang moved between the man and Butch, eyes narrowed. They held pokeballs, knives, guns, and all looked ready to go at him for the sake of Cassidy and Butch in a second. "Leave it to us, Team Rocket," Simone said. "Get Butch out of here. This guy tries to follow you two, we'll make sure he isn't able to follow anyone ever again." The man still held the gun up, itching to use it. "You don't want to try it, pops. We've got you outgunned. You wouldn't be the first we've put down."

"Ugh, give me a gun I'll put him down myself!" Butch furiously shouted, going to grab one.

"Butch, stop it!" Cassidy insisted, holding him back. "You. Doctor. Now."

"I see you again I'll bury ya, ya hear me? I'll fuckin' bury ya!" Butch threatened as Cassidy dragged her belligerent and struggling partner away desperately. Any longer in her father's presence and he'd probably explode.

PKMN

Butch lay in a Team Rocket secret medical facility sulkily, arms folded almost like a pouting child. The bullet had been removed and the stab wounds stitched, and now he was giving Cassidy the silent treatment because she hadn't let him murder her dad. "Get over it Butch. Would you rather be in jail for murder?"

"For his? Proudly," Butch answered.

"Well then I would be short a partner and I really don't want to be stuck with second best or some fair-weather grunt," Cassidy said. "It was for the best and you know it." Butch harrumphed. "Hey Hutch…"

"The name is Butch!" Butch shot.

"How did you know those people?" Cassidy continued, ignoring him.

Butch was silent for a moment. "Ran with them for a bit back in the day," he finally said.

"Ran with them?" Cassidy asked. Butch stayed quiet. "Never mind, I get it," she said, sighing. "What made them go from attempting to kill you to trying to save you?"

"Guy who stabbed me owes me a favor. A big one. Near priceless in fact," Butch answered. "He didn't stab to kill. The guy all but told me he wasn't aiming to murder me. It's also the reason they didn't hit us when they were shooting at us."

"What favor does he owe you?" she pressed.

Butch was silent, looking down at his blanket. Soon he looked back up at her. "His life," he said. Cassidy started and looked like she wanted to press, but ultimately decided not to. He shifted a bit more. "Do they know where we are?" he asked.

"Are you afraid?" she wondered.

"Nah. Just… thinking. Wonder if… if they were serious when they were asking about recruitment," he said. Silence. "They had potential, I think," he soon added a bit quieter.

Cassidy glanced over at him then down, considering this. "We can talk to Giovanni about it," she said. Butch seemed to visibly relax at this, nodding gratefully and laying back down. "Hey, tomorrow we're homeward bound," she said, smiling gently and covering his hand, gently squeezing.

"Good. I see your dad again even you're not gonna be able to hold me back," Butch said.

"Yeah… Figured," she answered. Quiet again. "Thank you, Butch. For coming with me. And for everything you did this weekend."

He looked at her quietly then turned his hand, taking hers and squeezing. "Hey, you're my best friend. You know I'd do anything for you," he answered. "Without regret." She smiled gratefully at him and leaned down, hugging him. He held her tightly back. "Love ya doll," he murmured.

"Love you too," she replied quietly.