Chapter 4: In Defense of My Partner
In Defense of My Partner

(A/N: In response to my guest reviewer or reviewers who have requested Pierce show up, he definitely will. I can guarantee it. I actually have him slated for an appearance in my fourth installment, the story that comes after my next. If I can squeeze him in earlier I'll try, but as it stands he appears in number 4.)

Cassidy, her father, and Butch were sitting for dinner. Butch was of course sitting directly across from his partner's father and the two were glaring daggers at each other from across the table, barely even touching their food. Cassidy sat on the side, sweat-dropping and eating in embarrassment. Ugh, she couldn't believe this was happening to her. She should have known better than to bring Bill. She could have grabbed Domino or Attila or someone else. Anyone else. She should have guessed their personalities would clash like this. Well, if nothing else it was… suspenseful. Kept things exciting she supposed.

"So, what slum you from kid?" Cassidy's father asked. Butch defiantly fingered him in response. "You expect to marry my daughter you best show some respect. Butch put up the other finger as well. Cassidy's father slammed the table, standing quickly up. Cassidy shot to her feet too. "Daddy, daddy, easy. He's just being creep. He'll answer your questions, right Buffy?"

"It's… Oh forget it," Butch said, putting down the fingers. "None of your business what slum I'm from. Isn't important anyway. Left that behind a long time ago. I don't like talking about it."

"That wasn't so hard, was it?" her father asked.

"My turn. Who the hell tells their daughter she'll never find anyone who'll waste their breath on her?" Butch demanded.

"You were the best she could do. You've only proven me right," he answered. Butch nearly leapt across the table, but Cassidy held him back desperately.

"F**k you, dipshit! F**k you!" Butch snapped. "You wanna see just how much I'm worth then say it!"

"You're not worth more than the bullet it would take to put you down," the man answered. Buch lunged against Cassidy again, who desperately forced him back.

"Stop it, Batch, stop it!" she shouted.

Butch scowled, pulling away from her. "It's Butch and you damn well know it!" Furiously he turned, storming off. Cassidy watched after him in shock and concern. She'd never seen him act like this before! Well, not often at least. She winced. Her father was really getting to him.

"Seriously Cassidy, where'd you pick up that piece of street trash?" her father asked.

Cassidy scowled and spun on him. "Street trash?! Butch is worth more than you'll ever be 'dad', so back the hell off!" She cried out as he slapped her across the face. In shock she put her hand to her cheek, mouth agape as she tried to comprehend what had just happened. She looked sharply at her father, infuriated.

"You were such a good girl, Cassidy," he said, taking her chin between his fingers slightly roughly, masking it as a tender gesture. She pulled away from him with a scoff. "What did that boy do to you?"

"That boy did more for me than you ever did," she hissed in response.

"He's a scumbag! A little gangster in the making. He's no good for you," her father said.

"He loves me and that's more than you ever did, or anyone!" she replied.

"Not surprised you'd crawl into bed with the fist man to show you a hint of affection," he said. She pulled back, looking stung. There was silence. Finally she turned, tears burning her eyes, and stormed away to find her partner.

PKMN

Butch was outside, in the process of smoking a cigarette down to the filter, inhaling like it was life itself. His hand shook in anger and rage as he willed himself to calm down before he did something they all regretted. He let out a stream of smoke and a string of expletives with it as he cursed out her father in a whisper. The cigarette was smoked almost to nothing now. He put it out on his hand without even a second thought. He winced, biting his tongue in pain, but at least it distracted him a minute from his rage and anger. In fact, it almost calmed him down. He pulled the cigarette off and glared at the raw skin silently. He scoffed and threw the butt to the side, leaning on the railing and glaring out at the sky.

The screen door opened. He didn't turn. Cassidy came up beside him and perched on the railing, following where he was looking. He glanced at her, then back, then spun around, mouth agape, to face her again. "The hell did that red mark come from?!" he freaked. She was quiet. "Oh f**k no!" Butch said, storming back towards the door in a rage. Someone was gonna die!

"Let it go, Fletcher. It's only a couple days," she said. "First time he's done it anyway. Wasn't happy I tried to stand up for you."

"Don't try to stand up for me then! I can stand up for myself, I don't need you doin' it for me!" he said.

"Can we just pretend my father isn't here for a while and I don't know, talk or something?" Cassidy said.

A vein was throbbing in his head, and it was apparent he was leaning towards refusing flat out, but soon he willed himself to calm down again and let out a long sigh. Begrudgingly he returned to the railing, glaring at the sky even harder as if that was doing something against him. After a moment he chuckled. She raised a dubious eyebrow at him. "What'd you say to tick him off that much?" he asked.

"Well, for starters he called you street trash, so I told him off and said you were worth more than he'd ever be. Then I told him to back the hell off and that kind of clinched it. Then he said I was such a good girl once and asked what you'd done to me, and I told him you'd done more for me than he ever had. He didn't stop. He said you were a gangster in the making, a scum bag, and no good for me. Sticking with our cover story I told him you loved me and that was more than he ever did… Then he said he wasn't surprised I'd crawl into bed with the first guy to show me a hint of affection and I… I just left…"

"Please for the love of the god Pokémon let me kill him," Butch growled darkly, fingers digging into the railing so hard he could swear it was being denting. It probably wasn't, but still.

"It's only a few days," she said.

"How long was it before you left home, huh?" Butch demanded.

She was quiet. "It's over, Biff. Whatever happened is in the past. Just move on. I did."

"Sure you did," Butch replied, rolling his eyes. She stayed quiet. "I do love ya, Cass. You know, uh, p-platonically."

"I know," she replied, drawing his head towards her and holding it against her stomach as she gently stroked his hair. "I'm glad I have you. I don't always seem like I am, I know, but I'm glad you're here." He all but purred at the way she was stroking his hair, and had to bite back a flirty remark. He wasn't looking to get slapped. She let him go and took his hands. She frowned on seeing the burn mark. "What happened?" she asked.

"Dropped it," Butch answered.

She glared accusingly at him. "That wasn't dropped," she said.

He was quiet. "It was that or rip off someone's head," he finally said.

"Do something like this again and I'll break every finger on your hand," she said, scowling.

"Touchy, touchy," he answered. "Fine. Deal."

Cassidy nodded. "We should turn in," she said.

"Okay. Sooner this trip ends the better. More we sleep the faster it goes," Butch said. Cassidy smiled and jumped off the railing, heading back inside. Butch followed her.

PKMN

Butch lay awake glaring out the window at the moon. Cassidy was at his side sleeping softly. With an annoyed sigh he got out of the bed and padded from the room. Maybe a glass of water would help him sleep. He walked down the stairs and paused on seeing the TV still on. He stared at the room, seriously considering slipping in and strangling the man, but instead used all his willpower to make himself keep going towards the kitchen and ignore his partner's parent. He poured himself a glass and started drinking from it.

"You aren't the first she's had," a voice said from behind.

Butch nearly jumped out of his skin, grabbing a knife from the counter instinctively and spinning to face the intruder in one swift motion. He started on seeing who it was. Cassidy's dad of course. He didn't drop his stance. "I didn't think I was," he answered.

The man examined the way he was posed. "You've been in a knife fight before," he remarked.

"Street trash, remember?" Butch replied. Old man was freaking him the heck out.

"Hmm. You know, it's only a matter of time before she disappoints you," he said.

"Couples tend to do that. Disappoint one another. Pretty common thing, actually. They get over it," Butch replied.

"Didn't mean that kind of disappointment, though it's only a matter of time before she lets you down enough that you'll toss her to the wind. I meant disappoints you in… other ways. She couldn't even keep number one happy - and she should have been grateful anyone could be bothered with her at all - let alone all the others who followed. Let alone you," the man said.

It took Butch a second to catch on, but when he did he started and scowled. "Newsflash freak, that ain't how normal people talk about their kids! And FYI, she's kept me plenty happy!" Butch replied. "And not even like that. Her just being there makes me happy."

"Then there must be something wrong with you. The longest anyone's lasted with my daughter is one, maybe two, rounds, and that's been enough. Not sure you've noticed it, but she's a bit of a bitch."

"Every guy who ditched her should have had his head examined," Butch snarled. "Now beat it. I have a fiancée to get back to and you-know-what."

"Guess you're into damaged goods," the man said.

"Go screw yourself, man," Butch replied, fingering the man with both his middle fingers as he left.

PKMN

He slipped into the room he was sharing with Cassidy and closed the door quietly. He looked towards her sleeping form, eyes reflecting sadness and pity. Damn… How long had Cass had to put up with that creep before she got out? Screw him for making his partner feel worthless. He hated that jerk. Sighing, Butch went to the bed and slipped in next to her.

"You were gone a while," she quietly said.

"Went to get water. Ran into your old man," Butch said.

"Is he still alive?" she dryly questioned.

"I wish he wasn't, but unfortunately he is," Butch answered.

"Did he say something to you again?" she asked with a sigh. "I'm really sorry about his behavior. It's just… who he is."

"Don't make excuses for that dipshit," Butch replied.

"Maybe… How did he put you down this time?" she asked.

"He didn't put me down. Tried to put you down," Butch answered.

"Oh," she quietly said.

"You do know I didn't swallow that pill, right?" Butch asked. She was quiet. "I didn't," he flatly said. "God Cass, seriously?"

"I know, I know! It's just… sometimes he can be pretty convincing," she said.

"To who? Himself? Guess you too, but not to me. Probably not to most people either," Butch replied.

"Don't be so sure… What did he tell you about me…?" she asked.

"Said you'd only end up disappointing me. Both in life and in more… fun things. She winced. Told him that wasn't how normal people talked about their kids, what with what the freak was implying. He said I wasn't your first and I told him I knew as much, 'cause I did." Cassidy shuddered. He frowned glancing over at her as he lay at her side. "You okay?" he asked.

"What else did he say?" she asked a bit quietly.

Butch was quiet, judging her emotions. "Maybe we should talk about this tomorrow," he finally said.

"Just… tell me the story, Butch," she said.

He didn't respond immediately, but soon he gave in. "Said you couldn't even keep the first guy happy let alone me, and I told him in so many words that the fact of your existence made me plenty happy. He said you should have been grateful anyone bothered with you at all, or something like that. I said the creeps who dumped you should have had their heads examined. He called you a bitch, called you damaged goods, and I told him to go screw himself." He felt his partner shivering and his concern deepened. He rolled onto his side. "Okay, seriously Cass, what's up?"

"We'll talk tomorrow," she whispered.

He frowned, not a fan of the idea. "Fine," he finally answered. "Night Cassidy."

"Night Botch," she replied.

"I told you it's Butch!" he insisted. She softly giggled and Butch couldn't bring himself to stay angry. Sighing, he closed his eyes and was soon asleep again. Cassidy, however, laid awake the rest of the night until early morning.

PKMN

"Thanks for coming along Hun. Know it was kind of last minute for you," Attila said. "I mean, you probably could have hung around with James and his family instead."

"James and his family have so many issues to work out that my being around would be pointless. One weekend together couldn't hope to start to fix their train wreck, but the fewer distractions they have the more that may be accomplished," Hun answered. "I had nothing pressing to concern myself with. Accompanying you to the Black Hills was better than nothing."

"Right. I mean it's pretty far to go for just a couple days I guess, but my Uncle couldn't make it himself so figured I might as well go down instead," Attila said.

"It should be interesting," Hun said, staring out the window of the plane. "It's a location I have yet to see."

"It's real nice there. Isolated, quiet, your kind of place," Attila said.

"I would imagine there are a good deal of wild Pokémon out there," Hun said.

"Oh yeah, plenty. Lot of ones you'd find on ranches or farms, plus a lot of forest ones. Good selection. Why? You thinking souvenir for the boss?" Attila asked.

"Why not?" Hun answered.

"Hey, we know we're more competent at it than Jessie and James," Attila said, smirking. Hun gave him a look. "What?" Attila asked. Hun turned back to the window. Attila shrugged it off. Whatever. For a while there was quiet. "I'm glad Giovanni came up with this idea," he soon said. "I'm… glad I get to see my uncle again at all."

Hun turned to Attila, silently summing him up. Attila was staring ahead, looking… almost vulnerable… Hun turned to the window, thinking the words over, then sighed and turned again. "You aren't doing alright," the agent stated. "Mentally. In the wake of our capture by Team Plasma."

Attila was quiet. Soon he turned. "How can you cope with it?" he asked, hoping for pointers.

Hun thought the question over. "Because I've been hurt far worse before," the agent soon answered.

Attila frowned in concern. "Hurt as in you should be seeing a therapist but just aren't because you figure you need to handle it on your own instead of confiding in, you know, someone who can give you professional help? Or someone who cares about you and would do whatever it took to get you through it?"

"The time for a therapist is long passed," Hun answered.

"So hurt as in you should be seeing a therapist but just aren't," Attila replied flatly, unimpressed.

"This isn't about me, Attila. This is about you. My past is… something I'm not willing to open up about right now."

"You love going at it alone, don't you Hun?" Attila flatly said, frowning.

"I'm not alone," Hun answered. "I wish I was, but I'm not. Someone else shares it, and right now… right now that's all I need. Now back to you. I'm reaching out to you because I've dealt with what happened with Plasma and you haven't. Let me do that at least."

"Why should I take your help when you won't take mine?" Attila demanded.

"For Arceus's sake Attila," Hun said. The agent sighed, head shaking. "Fine. When you're ready to talk, I'm here."

"Same for you pal," Attila replied.

PKMN

Butch walked downstairs begrudgingly. He'd left Cassidy to sleep because she'd seemed pretty exhausted when he'd tried to get her to wake up. Great. Just what he didn't need. More time alone with her dumbass father. He wasn't sure by what miracle he'd managed to restrain himself from decimating the guy, but Cassidy probably played a big part in said miracle. Now there was no Cassidy, so he'd see how the miracle held up on its own now.

He glanced around the kitchen cautiously. There was food made, traditional eggs and bacon type thing. Well, at least the guy could cook. Butch wasn't optimistic enough to figure he'd cooked for all of them though. "Eat up, Footch," the man said from behind. Huh, he was wrong.

"Ugh, the name is Butch!" Butch shot, turning to him with a scowl. He was too ticked at his name being messed up to be surprised.

"Yes, Fitch, of course," the man replied.

"It's… Ugh, forget it," Butch said hopelessly, throwing up his hands and rolling his eyes. Grumbling, he entered the kitchen and summed up the food. Eggs, bacon, toast, hash browns. Pretty good-sized breakfast, he had to admit. None of it had been touched yet. "You can plate up first. I have personal hygiene to take care of and a fiancée to wake up," he said, frowning and deciding to play this cautious. He didn't like the guy, he guy didn't like him, he wouldn't throw out the possibility of the whole spread being laced with arsenic. Cassidy's father sure enough got his share of the food first. Before Butch left he put together his own plate and brought it out of the kitchen with him to the bedroom. He placed the plate down next to her then went into the bathroom to get ready for the day.

A few minutes later he came out of the shower with a towel wrapped around his waist. He exited the bathroom and saw Cassidy sitting up in bed sleepily rubbing her eyes while eating the food on the plate. Darn. He wasn't surprised though. Here was hoping daddy hadn't risked poisoning his little girl and had left what was left over alone. "Mornin' doll," Butch said, smirking. She glanced up and started before looking him over head to toe. "Like what you see?" he flirted.

"As a matter of fact, I do," Cassidy flippantly answered, refusing to act like she'd been caught doing something naughty. She wouldn't let herself be flustered by Butch of all people.

"Good. It's all just for you too," Butch teased, coming over and pointing a finger at her nose.

She smirked coldly. "Taking our act a bit too seriously, aren't you Butcher?" she said.

He started and frowned. "The name's Butch!" he insisted. What, was there some curse on him that made everyone he talked to forget his name? Cassidy chuckled and went back to the food. "Okay, and now I can't ignore my hunger anymore so I'm headin' down to get what's left over. I'll give your old man this, he lays out a good spread."

She paused and looked up at him with a frown. "He made it?" she asked.

"Yeah. Why?" Butch asked.

Cassidy was quiet, putting her fork down confusedly. "He usually only cooks for special occasions or if a guest is coming over or if he wants something."

"He wants something alright. Me dead. Fortunately for me, I'm a step or two ahead of him," Butch answered. He hoped, he inwardly added. "Ain't no one poisoning me." He went to his bag and began fishing around for clothes before taking them out and returning to the bathroom to change. When he was done he retuned to get his share of the food. Cassidy was gone so he assumed she'd taken her plate downstairs to join her dad already. Another day of fun. Whoopee. He grimaced in disgust.