19Chapter 3: Mission: Society Ball
.

Mission Society Ball

Jessie, James, Mondo, and Meowth sat at a table eating together before they headed out, Jessie chatting incessantly about how wonderful the ball would be and how she was so proud of Mondo's accomplishment and how this would be a wonderful first mission for him. "Um, James, seriously, what's wrong with her?" Mondo asked. "Has she had too much caffeine or something? Sugar, maybe?"

"Just go wit' it, kiddo," Meowth said.

"She's having a bit of a big sister complex, and you're the object of it," James added.

"Why can't I be the object of a lover complex?" Mondo said gloomily. James shot him an annoyed look but said nothing.

"Let's hurry and eat. We need to get ready for the ball as well," Jessie said.

"Oh, we never shopped for you, Meowth, or James!" Mondo exclaimed, eyes wide in worry.

"James was born of high society, Mondo. I'm sure he has something. Besides, we hardly need to shop with all the disguises we've worn," Jessie said.

Mondo glanced over at James and started. His hands were clasped, his eyes shut, and his face was turned towards the skies. Meowth was shaking his head hopelessly at him. "Err, since when does James pray?"


Jessie sighed and replied, "Since the possibility of his fiancée and his parents appearing increased about tenfold."

"He has a fiancée?!" Mondo exclaimed in shock.

"Ex-Fiancée!" James insisted.

"It's a long story," Jessie said. She filled him in on the basics and Mondo listened in wonder.

"Jessie, James, Meowth!" a voice shot sharply. They yelped, quickly looking over with wide eyes.

"Yes sir, Tyson sir!" they all said together, standing and saluting.

Tyson saluted back and examined the group. "Your transportation is ready to go when you all are," he said to them.

"Ooh goody! We can get right to it," James said.

Tyson nodded and glanced at Mondo with a measure of concern before his expression hardened and he turned back to Jessie and James. "Are you aware of who Mondo is?" Tyson asked.

"Uh, Mondo's Mondo?" Meowth more questioned than stated.

Tyson glared at him, highly unimpressed. "Mondo is…" he began.


"I'm his baby brother," Mondo said, blushing and looking down sheepishly.

"You're what?!" Jessie, James, and Meowth all said together, inwardly freaking out, Jessie and James going about the shade of a ghost. Wincing, they slowly turned to Tyson with eyes wide.

"That's right. I'm his big brother. And if anything bad happens to him on this mission, I'll dismember you all limb by limb and stick your heads on pikes, capiche?" Tyson darkly warned. "As you can well imagine, I was less than impressed he selected you three as his mentors, but Viper and Mondo both vouch for you so I'm letting this happen against my better judgement, understood?"

"Y-yes sir," Meowth, Jessie, and James said together.

Tyson glared at them. They shifted uncomfortably. Finally, Tyson sighed, shoulders sagging as he closed his eyes. "Bring my brother back alive. That's all I'm asking of you. Don't screw this up like you screw up almost everything else." He opened his eyes. "Mondo's my world. I took the fall for the Red Gyrados thing, barely mentioned you two even played a part in it beyond the good stuff because surprise, surprise, you weren't totally useless during that incident. I even figured there might be potential for you two to be used more often. It boosted your reputation and careers, and I haven't asked you for a single favor in return since except for this."

"You-you did that for us?" Jessie asked, more than a little surprised and honestly very touched.

"Don't get sentimental about it!" Tyson snapped. "Now I'm cashing in. Mondo alive, simple and straightforward. Can you manage it?"

"Yes sir, of course we can!" James replied, nodding vehemently.

"Good. Because if you don't, you can forget about mercy," Tyson said. They swallowed and nervously nodded. Tyson looked at Mondo uneasily then sighed. "Be careful kiddo," he said.

"I will be. Promise," Mondo said, smiling up at his brother.

"Good," Tyson said, getting an arm around Mondo's neck and pulling him close, ruffling his hair. He let his brother go then said, "I'll see you all off. I'll be waiting at your balloon."

"Yes sir," the trio replied, saluting.

"Meet you there Tyson!" Mondo said, waving.

The moment Tyson was gone, the trio turned on Mondo. "Tyson's your brother?!" they all freaked at once. Mondo blushed and groaned in embarrassment.

PKMN

It had taken all the power they could muster to drag James into the balloon when the location of the ball was disclosed to Mondo by Tyson. "I can't go, don't make me go!" James pled, weeping shamelessly.

"Snap out of it, James! We'll be so well disguised they'll hardly know it's you," Jessie insisted.


"It's being held at a mansion the man and woman who brought me to life frequent!" James freaked. "It's the home of the Grand Duke, for Arceus's sake!"

"Dey ain't gonna recognize ya, Jimmy, don't worry," Meowth assured.

"They. Brought me. To life!" James articulated. "I was in that woman's womb for almost ten months! In anguish she brought me into this word!"

"Did your parents really raise you so much as nannies, nurses, and tutors did?" Jessie challenged.

"I… Well… That hardly matters! The point is like it or not I'm still the flesh of her body, the fruit of my father's… never mind! She knows these things, Jess, she knows them. So does father," he insisted.

"Trust me, James, we'll be fine," Jessie insisted. James whimpered.

"You'd better be," Tyson said, frowning. "Good luck." James tried to bolt once more. Tyson scowled, catching him around the waist and dumping him in the balloon with the others before he could scramble away. "I said good luck!" he shot. Soon enough the balloon was in the air, James still begging to be let go. Tyson inwardly groaned. Oh he hoped he didn't regret this.

PKMN

They landed in the woods outside of the mansion and slipped out of the balloon. Meowth quickly changed into his suit that Jess insist he wear. "Remember, Meowth, behave like a normal Pokémon," Jessie said.

"Yeah, yeah, I got it," Meowth replied, dropping to all fours. "Meowth. Ugh, a meowth in a suit. Who'd have thunk?"

"Plenty of people dress up their pokémon Meowth, now stop complaining," Jessie said. She turned to her partner and ward. "You and Mondo change here, James, I'll be back in a moment." She headed off into the woods leaving them alone. She had no qualms about changing in front of James, but this time Mondo was along as well.

Mondo got into his suit and worriedly began fussing with his hair and dress. "Wh-what's the plan again?" he tightly asked.

James glanced at him from inside the balloon. "Jessie and I are playing the parts of the Duke and Duchess of Yore," he replied.

"Of where?" Mondo interrupted.

"A made-up place," James said, waving it off. "You are playing the part of our son, Lord Mondo."

"Real name?" Mondo asked.

"It's not like anyone knows you, and it's highly unlikely anyone will bother to try and figure out mine and Jessie's first names. Title's all that matters here."


"How will my playing the part of your son work? You guys aren't that much older than me. I mean you're what, mid-twenties?" Mondo said.

"We can pass for older than we are," James replied confidently as he got out of the basket after finishing dressing up. "Don't worry. You're in good hands."

"The Duke of Yore, I presume," Jessie's voice said from the woods. James and Mondo turned, and their mouths dropped.

"Jessie?!" James asked, flabbergasted.

"Wow! Jessie, you look amazing!" Mondo exclaimed.

"No kiddin'," Meowth said, taken aback as well.

James shook his head, snapping out of it. "Ah, my Duchess, there you are," he said, recovering and going to her. He took her hand and gallantly bent, kissing it. "Are you ready for your presentation to Society?"

"Definitely," Jessie replied with a wicked glint in her eyes. She frowned over at Mondo, who was once more fussing with his appearance. "Come here, you," Jessie ordered. Mondo obeyed and let Jessie fiddle with his outfit and hair. "Remember. Lord Mondo, son of the Duke and Duchess of Yore. That's your cover, that's what you stick with no matter what."

"Yes ma'am," Mondo said.

"We'll be in the ballroom if you need any help," James said.

"You can contact us via the communication devices. If things are getting unpredictable, back out and try again later. If things fall apart, scrap the mission and we leave immediately," Jessie cautioned.

"You shouldn't have to worry, though. The aristocracy are hardly known for their ruthlessness as much as they are known for their snobbery and wealth," James assured.

"Yes sir," Mondo said, nodding. "Now let's get going and grab those pokémon." Quickly the boy raced off.

"Hey, we're gettin' competent again," Meowth said.

"It's not just us we need to watch out for now, Meowth. This is Mondo's first mission, and as such it's our duty as senior agents to protect him," James said. "Shall we?" he remarked to Jessie, offering his arm to her.

"Let's shall," Jessie replied, smiling. "Come, Meowth."

"Meowth," Meowth replied, playing the part of a normal pokémon.

PKMN


They approached the mansion, Mondo gazing up at it in awe. "This place is huge," he said.

"Dis place is about de size of James's Growlithe's house," Meowth replied.

"Wait, what?" Mondo asked, shocked. James awkwardly rubbed the back of his neck, innocently grinning.

"Just follow us," Jessie said. "Now's not the time to get preoccupied."

They entered the mansion, James near a panic. "I'm telling you they'll recognize me," he insisted to the others.

"Stop being a baby about this, James, and take it like a man," Jessie insisted as they approached a man with a list. Lists were never good, but Giovanni had had the foresight to slip their names onto it. Not that Giovanni knew Jessie and James were the mentors Mondo chose, the Duke and Duchess of Yore would have just been the names of whoever had gone with the boy.

"Names please," the person with the list said.

"Ah yes, the Duke and Duchess of Yore accompanied by their son Lord Mondo the Third," James answered. Mondo looked incredulously up at James. Then again, Mondo wasn't what you'd call a regal name. Adding 'the Third' onto it was probably a good idea.

"Very well. You will be announced forthwith. Enjoy the ball, your grace," the man said, bowing his head.

"Follow my lead," James muttered to them. Jessie, Mondo, and Meowth nodded.

PKMN

"Announcing the Duke and Duchess of Yore, accompanied by their son Lord Mondo the Third!" the announcer declared. James ushered Mondo in front of himself and Jessie, and they walked to the top of the stairs, gracefully making their way down as the guests clapped, curtseyed, and bowed.

"I'll be the King," James hummed to Jessie.

She smirked. "And I'll be the Queen," she chimed, grinning.

"Oh no, there they are," James tensely said, spotting his parents. "They're watching us intently. They know, Jessie, they know," He sounded near to panic.

"Get a grip, James, and act casual," Jessie snapped sharply. James forced himself to calm down, looking away from his parents. If they saw his eyes they'd know, he believed. They would read it as easily as if they were reading a book.

"I should have worn contacts," James lamented.

"Quiet," Jessie growled. "Now dance with me, you fool." James swallowed and swept her out onto the dance floor. "You're on your own, Mondo, make Team Rocket proud," Jessie whispered to the boy right before she and James vanished into the crowd.


PKMN

Mondo swallowed and looked down at Meowth. "Aren't you going too, Meowth?" he asked.

"Nah. I'm your supervisor," Meowth replied quietly before going back to licking his paws. "You don't gots no pokémon wit' you ta help wit' dis, even d'ough ya should, so I gets ta step in."

"That's a relief," Mondo replied, regretting not bringing along his tauros and ditto. Meowth leapt up into his arms, acting like the pokémon he was. "Let's see, I need to figure out where he's keeping the pokémon first. You'd think they'd be on display or something, that he'd be showing them off." Meowth shook his head. "No? Too risky?" Meowth nodded. "Yeah, I guess with thieves like us about looking to steal them." Meowth purred, settling in his arms.

"I say, what a fine Meowth you have there, Lord Mondo," a wealthy man remarked, approaching him.

"Um, thank you?" Mondo more asked then stated.

"Is this your first ball?" the wealthy man asked, but Mondo caught suspicion in his tone. That made him nervous. Why was he suspicious? Was the man waiting for him to slip up?

"Uh…" Mondo began. James and Jessie had mentioned something about a debutante ball to present young ladies to society. Was if for boys too? What if there was something different for young men? If that was the case, then if he told the truth and said this was his first time, the noble would know he wasn't who he said he was because this wasn't how young ones were supposed to be shown-off to high society, at least as far as he understood it. "N-no, it-it isn't," Mondo replied.

"Really? Hmm, I don't recall you being present at any sort of presentation ball. Why is that?" the noble questioned. Mondo shot a panicked look down at a now nervous and alert Meowth, who was growling in his throat and protruding his claws just in case.

"That's because I, uh…" Mondo began. What was his excuse?!

"Ah, there you are, Mondo, your mother and I have been searching everywhere for you," James suddenly said, appearing with Jessie. Mondo nearly gasped in relief.

"M-mother, father, I was just speaking to this…" Mondo began. He was about to say 'guy' but that was hardly a formal term, and it would give him away. "To this gentleman about this ball not being my first. He was curious about when I was presented to society."

"Ah yes, quite a story actually," Jessie said for Mondo. "Good sir, he wasn't presented to society in this region. We live quite far away, you see, in a more arid and exotic land. Our kind is quite a minority there, so it's understandable how you would be confused. "We've travelled quite some distance at the request of some very close and personal friends of ours who sadly were unable to make it themselves."

"Perhaps I've heard of them," the suspicious noble said.

"Oh, we're quite sure you haven't," Jessie answered.

"I know everyone, my Duchess," the noble stated guardedly. Jessie cringed. Ooh, hard crowd. It would be their luck to get in a conversation with one of the few conscientious guests attending this ball.

"They are the parents of Lady Kojiro," James stated.

"Lady Kojiro? The one whose son Jameson went missing over a decade ago? Wondrous," the noble said, impressed at the name drop. "Well come along then, all of you. You must meet Lord and Lady Kojiro and explain to them how you came to know the lady's elderly parents."

"What?!" James exclaimed. Jessie clamped a hand over his mouth.

"We would be delighted, of course," Jessie replied.

PKMN

So, there they were, James with teeth clenched gazing in horror at his parents as the noble ushered them on. "Announcing Lady Jessebelle!" the announcer said. Jessie had to clamp her hand over his mouth again to keep him from shrieking and fleeing the building, or more likely the entirety of the region. Jessebelle came gracefully down the steps, greeting those who bent to kiss her hand or to speak to her. James's parents started towards the young woman and James was near to tears as the noble ushered them after the two.

They spotted James's parents speaking to Jessebelle off to the side. "Jessie…" James moaned fearfully.

"Don't worry, I'm right here, but you'd better not blow this, James," she soothed, squeezing his hand reassuringly. James numbly nodded, and Mondo looked completely lost. Now he wished he'd fished for more information before treading these murky waters.

"Lord and Lady Kojiro, Lady Jessebelle," the noble called out. The two turned.

"Ah, if it isn't the Earl of Gray," James's father said.

"Wow," Mondo mouthed to Jessie and James. That sounded faker than theirs.

"Allow me to present the Duke and Duchess of Yore and their son Lord Mondo the Third," the Earl greeted, warmly taking James's father's hand.

"I do declare, the pleasure is all ours," James's mother said, curtseying to James and Jessie along with Jessebelle, as James's father bowed.

"It's an honor to be presented with the likes of…" James's father began, taking James's hand. He paused, then, meeting James's eyes, and started. "You!" he exclaimed. James nearly freaked. Quickly he glanced away.

"I assure you the pleasure is all ours. We must be going, ta ta," James swiftly said, trying to make a break for it. He cringed, feeling his father's hand clamp firmly down on his shoulder. He shivered and slowly turned. Jessie waited with baited breath.

"Ah must say you truly look familiah," Jessebelle said to James.

"Do I? Well I can assure you whoever I look like is simply coincidence," James quickly said. His mother's eyes were narrowed at him, though, and then took to scanning Jessie, Mondo, and Meowth.

"You remahnd me of mah little boah," Lady Kojiro soon said.

"Yes he does, doesn't he dear?" James's father said through gritted teeth. "Almost eerily so." James almost broke down and confessed right then and there, but swiftly Jessie stepped in front of him.

"We don't mean to be rude, but we have quite a lot of mingling to do before the night is done. Perhaps we can chat later. Mondo, darling, run off and join the dancing, child," Jessie directed.

"How old are you, boah?" James's mother questioned Mondo before he could vanish.

"Uh, I'm fifteen. Why?" Mondo asked.

"Run off, dearest," Jessie growled warningly. Mondo caught on. Jessie and James's cover was at risk of being blown, and when and if it was, he would have to distance himself from them and try to vanish. Quickly he moved away from them along with Meowth. He wondered if this was something he was supposed to tell Tyson about, then shrugged it off. Tyson didn't need to know.

Lord and Lady Kojiro watched until Mondo was gone, then turned back to Jessie and James. "Now is that boy truly yoah chile?" James's mother questioned, taking Jessie's hands in hers. "Ma dear, yah must have been quite young when he was born."

"His age. Fifteen," Jessie replied.

"Fifteen? Such a young love. Such a young age to become a motha," James's mother said.

"Better than being engaged at seven," James grumbled. Jessie nudged him in the ribs viciously.

"Surely yah both attended school, now," Jessebelle said.

"It was a challenge, I'll admit, but my husband was quite supportive, just as I was to him," Jessie replied. "We really must be going."

"We'll join you. Jessebelle, why don't you go mingle, my dear?" James's father said. Jessebelle nodded and sashayed off, her interest in the couple exhausted by now. James's father looked directly at James and said, "As for you, we would quite like to know you better."

"You lost out on that chance yea…" James began, almost exploding. Jessie stomped on his foot and he yelped in pain, causing heads to turn. "Um, a cramp," he lamely explained to those watching. They turned back to what they were doing, and James breathed a sigh of relief.

PKMN

"Oh man, are they gonna be okay?" Mondo asked Meowth worriedly.

"Focus on de mission, kid. Jessie and James can handle demselves," Meowth assured.

"Right. Which one is the host?" Mondo asked.

"Right over dere," Meowth replied. "Let me pretty myself up a bit so's he gives us a second glance. If yous can gets him talkin' about pokémon, maybe he'll tell ya 'bout his two lycanroc and their pups."

"Right, I'm heading over," Mondo said while Meowth shined his charm and fixed up his fur all glossy like. He'd been practicing his snobby show-Meowth act all day, with assistance from James.

Mondo drifted over near to the host and paused, taking a glass from a passing waiter. "You ain't old enough to drink dat yet, kid," Meowth said.

"James did when he was even younger than me," Mondo argued.

"Don't say I didn't warn ya. I would have started with a white if I was you. Less bold, but whateva floats ya boat," Meowth replied, shrugging. Mondo harrumphed and sipped. He choked and nearly spit it back into the glass.

"People actually drink this?" he asked in disgust.

"You can't handle wine, you ain't gonna be able to take de taste of anyt'in' else 'cept maybe cocktails and the like," Meowth teased.

"All the better for it," Mondo said, subtly pouring the glass into a nearby flowerpot.

"Look, de host's comin' our way," Meowth whispered. "Get ready." Mondo swallowed nervously, then put on a brave act.

"Ah, Lord Mondo, was it? Son of the Duke and Duchess of Yore. I know your parents very well," the host said.

"You do?" Mondo asked confusedly. Oh wait, this guy was one of those. James had told him about these types, bragging they knew every stranger who walked through their doors on the chance they were somebody important that should be remembered for future reference.

"Yes, but that's not important. You have a most splendid Meowth with you," the host praised, admiring Meowth. "I'm betting it could fetch a pretty penny."

"I-I guess. I mean yes, indubitably," Mondo replied. Meowth gave him a dubious look. "What?" Mondo mouthed. Meowth rolled his eyes.

"What's his pedigree?" the man asked.

"His what? Oh, his pedigree, where he comes from. Uh, he's from a long line of blue-blooded Meowth's. His geneology extends back many, many generations, nothing but the finest pure-breds you could imagine, each belonging to royalty," Mondo boasted.

"Amazing. No doubt you intend to breed him," the man said.

"Breed?!" Meowth exclaimed before covering his mouth.

"What was that?" the host asked, having been looking away.

"Breed, uh, yes, breed, of course. No sense in letting such a fine line go to waste," Mondo replied.

"His kittens could fetch a very high price at auction, you know. You could make your parents thousands of dollars richer. Or perhaps me. What would you be willing to take for him?" the host asked.

"You-you're asking me to sell my Meowth?" Mondo uncertainly asked, looking down.

"My boy, I make it a point to breed the finest baby Pokémon around and turn them over for a hefty profit. I'm sitting atop a veritable gold mine, what with my lycanroc female producing a very large and very healthy litter."

"You have a lycanroc?!" Mondo exclaimed, pretending to be amazed.

"I do indeed. Two in fact. Well, more since the rockruff puppies hatched," the man replied.

"Where are they?" Mondo questioned.

"Unfortunately, they aren't being shown-off at present. They're out in the shelter on the outskirts of my property where it's nice and quiet for them," the host stated.

"I suppose I'll be unable to see them, then," Mondo said, feigning disappointment.

"We'll see," the host replied, smiling. "I'll offer you five-thousand for your Meowth. Think about it, and if you should choose to strike a bargain, I'll be willing to hear you out." With that the man left.

"Five-thousand for me?!" Meowth exclaimed. "Who needs Payday? I'm a gold mine!"

"With the pedigree I made up for you, heck yes you are," Mondo said. "I'm almost tempted to take him up on the offer and cut my losses."

"Watch it, kid," Meowth warned, glaring at him.

Mondo chuckled. "We'll go outside when it gets really dark and search for that shelter, then snatch those lycanroc and their litter. Gosh, I hope Jessie and James are doing okay."

