19Chapter 7: Mission: Tear it Down
.

Mission: Tear it Down

James sat eerily still as Hun an Doctor Zager tended to his injuries, Zager looking quite concerned. He was less than impressed to learn of Tyson's rage fit. "It wasn't your fault, James. There was nothing you could have done," Zager said, guessing at what was bugging James.

James tensed up a bit. "It feels like it is," he answered, bowing his head low. Zager finished wrapping his ribs.

Hun handed him back his shirt, which James slipped into quietly. "Does it feel like it's your fault because you caused it, or because you weren't one of the ones who were taken?" Zager asked.

James was quiet. "I should have tied them up tighter. I should have searched them for weapons and taken them away! But I didn't and now Jessie, Meowth, and Mondo are gone," he said. "Yes I feel like this was my fault, because it probably was!"

"Was Jessie not present when you tied them up? Or Mondo or Meowth? Could they not have checked when they saw you didn't?" Zager asked.

James opened his mouth to reply, then shut it again, thinking. "They trusted me to do it right," he finally replied.

"Jessie trusts people other than her to do things right?" Zager asked dryly.

James couldn't help the smirk that briefly crossed his face before falling again. "Thank you Dr. Zager, for trying," he said.

"James…" Zager began.

"I want to be alone now," James stated.

Zager stared at him. Finally, he sighed, bowing his head. "We'll be talking about this again, James," he seriously said. James nodded in understanding. Zager watched him for a moment more, worried, then rose and left. Hun hesitated to go, but soon decided to respect James's wishes and gently squeezed his shoulder before leaving as well. James was glad for it. He lay down and curled up, closing his eyes and pretending that when he opened them again everything would be alright when he knew it in fact wouldn't be. Closing his eyes and pretending had worked in childhood, but he wasn't a child anymore. At this moment, though, he almost wished he could believe things were that simple again.

PKMN

Tyson stared at the cameras silently, watching James curl up in a ball in his cell. "You thought about who you're picking for a rescue team?" Domino asked, coming in. She paused on seeing him staring at James, and blinked. After a moment she sighed and walked up to him. "What's up?" she asked.

"Mondo's gone, James is here, that's what's up," he said.

"Mondo will be okay," Domino said. "Jessie won't let anything hurt him."

"James wasn't supposed to either," Tyson bitterly said.

"Are you really still mad at James, or are you just looking for someone to blame? Or maybe you're trying to blame him so you can ignore the fact you feel guilty about what you did," Domino said, poking him. He batted her hand away in annoyance, frowning. She smirked knowingly. "Face it. I read you like a book," she said, nudging him playfully. He stayed quiet. "What got to you?" she wondered.

"His… resignation," Tyson answered, frowning deeply. "I mean, the guy didn't even try to defend himself. He always tries to defend himself."

"Usually he's defending himself alongside Jessie and Meowth. This time when they failed, he lost them too," Domino said.

"No one's lost!" Tyson snapped quickly, sharply looking at her. "They can't be. They won't be."

"Better start coming up with a great plan for saving them then," Domino said.

Tyson's phone buzzed. He pulled it out, looking at it. An email. He opened it and began to read. "Change of plans?" he said, frowning curiously. "All we need is an extraction team? What? Whoa."

"What is it?" Domino asked.

"You know how you like to say Team Rocket has agents everywhere?" Tyson asked.

"Yeah," she replied curiously.

"You're righter than you know. Turns out two retired agents happened to be there at the ball. Ones Jessie knows of. She contacted them when things went south. They called up the boss, volunteered to be the rescue operation, had a plan and everything. All they need is someone to pull Jessie, Mondo, and Meowth out!"

"What? No way!" Domino exclaimed, looking at the email.

"The fewer the better. Giovanni suggests two. I'm inclined to agree," Tyson said.

"When are we leaving?" Domino asked, smiling. Tyson was quiet. She frowned. "Tyson?" she asked.

He grimaced. "Not this time, Domino," he said. "This time there's… someone else who needs to come…" He looked at the security screens again.

Domino caught on and nodded in understanding. "Go easy on him big guy," she said. "And be careful."

"Promise," he said. She smiled and stood on tiptoes to peck his cheek. He lowered his head to convenience her, then turned and headed out to the prison block.

PKMN

Tyson entered the cell block and headed for James's cell feeling more than a little reluctant to face him again. James would probably be no more thrilled than he was though, so that was something. They'd be on relatively even ground. Kind of. Shit, what was he doing? He approached the cell as quietly as he could manage and looked in. James was curled up on the bench with back to the door, looking like he was going through hell. Which was how Tyson felt. Difference was James wore it, he hid it. Probably to his detriment. "James, get up," he said.

James tensed up. After a moment he turned around and stood. "Are you going to… get rid of me behind the boss's back?" he slightly uneasily asked.

"No. I… I want your help," Tyson said. James blinked, totally thrown. Tyson grimaced. "I reacted badly. I was in the wrong… It was just, I was so…"

"It's okay," James sympathetically said.

Tyson was quiet. "I was so emotional and angry..." he finally finished. "Listen, I want you along on this mission that Giovanni's given me."

"Mission? To save them?" James hopefully asked.

"Couple ex-Rocket agents were at the ball. They contacted him and volunteered themselves to pull off a rescue. Giovanni wants me and one other agent on extraction. Pick them up when they've been set free, get them out before anything else happens. Possibly fire-bomb the mansion on the way out," Tyson said.

"And the ex-agents?" James asked in concern.

"If things go according to plan, they won't need extraction. They won't even be suspected," Tyson replied.

"But if they don't?" James asked.

"Then I guess we're going in," Tyson said.

James was quiet. "Why do you want me with you?" he asked.

Tyson didn't answer for a moment. "Because you're hurting too," he finally replied. Ugh, he couldn't believe he was quoting Hun.

Tears burned in James's eyes, but he refused to let them fall. "Thank you," he finally said in a hoarse whisper.

Tyson inwardly winced. He had no right to be thanked for this. "Don't… do that. You… you did what you could. I shouldn't have… shouldn't have taken it out on you."

"Tyson, it's alright. I understand why you did, really I do," James tried to reassure. Tyson wasn't proving to be easy to comfort, though. The man tended to beat himself up for mistakes, James knew. Often with remarks like 'how could I have been so stupid', even if it wasn't his fault and in fact was the fault of someone he'd simply assigned to a job. Him, Jessie, and Meowth came to mind. Tyson took it all on himself, James had come to realize in the time they'd known him.

"Whatever. Let's just go," Tyson replied.

"Um, I can't. I'm still locked in," James pointed out. Tyson blinked blankly then blushed in embarrassment, muttering under his breath as he fished for the key and unlocked the cell.

"Let's get moving before someone sees," Tyson said.

"Wait, this isn't official?" James asked, visibly shocked and a bit freaked out.

"Don't question me agent," Tyson answered, dragging James along and really hoping he wasn't chewed out for this later.

PKMN

The ball was starting to die down, guests steadily streaming out. "We need to act soon," Lord Kojiro said.

"Mmm… Leave the distractin' t' me. You do the rescuin'," Lady Kojiro answered, smirking. "I've been makin' it a point t' catch the Duke's eye since he got back inside. Y' know the scandals of the aristocracy. Bat ma eyelashes, spin a tale about a woeful, loveless marriage… He'll be putty."

Lord Kojiro frowned at this. "I don't approve," he flatly said.

"Yoah jealous, Johnathon," she teased.

"How would you feel if it were me flirting with a Grand Duchess?" he challenged.

"Infuriated," she answered, smiling. "But I'd know it had t' be done, and I'd make it a point t' free the prisoners all the quicker so I could go back and snatch you right away from her again and show the shrew you was mine."

He glared at her. She smiled blamelessly back. "At times I resent you, Dinah," he flatly said.

She rose with a giggle and pecked his cheek gently. "Go on now. Get back our boah's friends. I'll make sure he don't catch on, or at least do ma best," she said. He sighed in annoyance but nodded nonetheless and distanced himself from her so the Duke would, ugh, have a clear shot. He despised that thought. He despised it more when she rose and made her way subtly towards said Duke, acting as if she was mingling. The Duke had certainly spotted her approach, and he looked more than a little intrigued. No one could deny Lady Kojiro was a breathtaking woman. Lord Kojiro scowled as he saw the man moving towards his wife, then scoffed and left the room before he did something they'd all regret. The sooner he freed Jessie, Meowth, and Mondo, the sooner he could scoop his lady fair away from the cad.

PKMN

Dinah watched her husband go, then turned attention to the ladies she was speaking with and laughed at something one had said - that really wasn't terribly funny - clearly and loudly enough that the Duke would hear. She turned her head in his direction and grinned at him on catching his eyes, putting up her fan flirtatiously. He was obviously interested. He began to make his way over to them, dismissing himself from the current group he was mingling with.

"Good evening, my ladies," he greeted them, smiling cordially.

"Oh good Duke, this ball has been such a splendid experience," one replied. Madame Muchmoney, Lady Kojiro believed.

"I'm glad you've enjoyed. Lady Kojiro, might I ask where your husband is?" the Duke asked.

"You may not," she replied, voice taking on a slightly bitter tinge. The other ladies 'oohed', wondering if this conversation would give rise to gossip.

"Why Dinah dear, don't tell me there've been some problems in the marriage," Madame Muchmoney, in typical fashion, asked. Jumping right to conclusions and concluding the worst, as usual. She was certainly a nosy one when she pleased to be. A good heart, but too much a busybody for the liking of most.

"Very well, I won't," Lady Kojiro replied.

"Oh my. Has he gone wandering on you darling?" another lady asked.

"I could care less what ma husband's been doin' behind ma back lately," Lady Kojiro replied, shooting a pleading look at the Duke.

"Dinah, you must…" one began.

"That's enough ladies. Can't you see the poor woman doesn't wish to speak of this? Really now, mind your business," the Duke said, leaping on the opportunity and leading Lady Kojiro immediately away from them.

"Much obliged, deah Duke. Them's good sorts, but nosy," she said to him gratefully.

"Of course, Lady Kojiro. Would you mind indulging me with an answer, though? I assure you my tongue is much tighter than any of theirs," he said.

"Hmm… I suppose there'd be no harm in that. Can we… maybe go somewhere a bit private?" she asked.

"Certainly," he answered. He led her out of the ballroom and farther into his mansion. He brought her into the study where a fire was lit. She looked around it in wonder. He shut the door behind them.

"Yoah home is beautiful," she said.

"Thank you. Now, your husband," the Duke said.

She sighed. "Lately he's been disappearin' at all hours, no rhyme or reason or anythin'," she said. "I half suspect he's gone cheatin'. Course to say I'm devastated about it would be a gross overstatement. Frankly I couldn't care less what that man does. Our marriage weren't evah one of love anyway. More convenience. Still, it's a real sting to a lady's pride. I've been… lonely as of late, with him gone. 'Course I was lonely even befoah, I s'pose, if I'm real honest with maself."

"Lonely? You? Lady Kojiro, you're such a remarkable and sophisticated woman, and beautiful too. Surely you have friends," the Duke said.

"Not lonely in that sense, deah Duke. Lonely in… moah intimate ways," she said with a breath.

"Oh? Has he not been… adequate?" the Duke asked.

"I wouldn't know. He hasn't touched me foah yeahs," she answered. "A lady has… desires, you realize, and it's been so awfully long since last any of mine was, shall we say fulfilled."

"No," the Duke said as if aghast. "My lady, surely you could have had any… special friend you desired."

"Deah Duke, I resent yoah insinuation. I'm a proper woman, not some whore off the streets. When I take a man, I want it to be one who'll be more than just a special friend. I want a lovah, someone I'd marry if ever anythin' unfortunate should happen to ma husband," she said.

"Apologies if I offended you, my lady," he said.

"Humph. Well, perhaps you'll make it up to me one day," she answered, moving over to the fireplace to stand in front of it and watch the flames. "I miss the feel of a man's touch. Lips against ma own, on ma throat, ma shoulders… moah intimate places…"

"Such as?" he fished.

She smirked and turned to him. "Ma breasts, ma thighs. Ma stomach… Lowah…" she all but purred, running her hands down the sides of her body. His mouth went dry and she saw him squirming. She turned away playing oblivious. "Tsk, tsk, tsk, naughty me. Speakin' like this in front of a man who isn't ma husband."

"By all means go on," he said.

"Deah Duke, y' tempt me so," she answered, glancing back with a smirk.

"Oh?" he asked.

"T' tell y' the truth, I've been… observin' y' foah a while now," she said.

"In a good way, I hope," he said.

"Very good," she replied. "But also very, very bad." Seduction dripped from her voice. He actually stepped forward before stopping himself.

"Lady Kojiro, if I didn't know better I would say you were flirting," he remarked.

She turned away. "I'm sure yoah too proper a man t' bothah with a married woman," she said.

"Try me," he answered.

She turned to him looking amused. "Yoah interested in li'l ole me?" she asked.

"Very," he replied.

She considered him, nibbling her lower lip in a flirty way. "Now good Duke, y' gotta court a lady a little longah than that if y' wants anythin' from her."

"Wine and pastries, Lady Kojiro?" he said in response.

"Wine and pastries by a fire in a private room with the likes of you? I'm not sure I'd be able t' keep ma propriety, deah Duke. I certainly doesn't want t' make maself a fool," she said.

"Never, my lady," he said.

"Hmm… Very well," she said. "I'd be honored t' join."

He grinned and immediately rang a bell to call a servant. "Do make yourself comfortable, my lady." She smirked and sat prettily on the couch, folding her hands in her lap. He joined her, sitting close and leaning close, and the two began to converse.

PKMN

Tyson and James spotted the mansion far in the distance. It was obvious Tyson wanted to storm it effective immediately. Thanks to James's blunt reminder that doing so would probably cost his brother his life, he refrained. "These are his private woods. Set it down here," James said. "There's a chance he's keeping them in one of the shacks. Perhaps if we explore them we might find them without raising the alarm."

"Fine by me," Tyson replied, slowly setting the balloon down. He'd really gotten a hang of this thing after James showed him the basics. It was actually pretty fun to fly. He could see, kind of, why Jessie, James, and Meowth chose it as their primary mode of transportation. Upon landing, the two climbed out. "Where do we start?" Tyson asked.

"You did more research on this place than me and Jessie," James flatly said.

"There were no mentions of outbuildings on the maps I studied," Tyson said. "Not even signs of clearings. James grimaced. That could be a problem. He thought a moment then started. Reaching into a pocket he quickly pulled out Mondo's pokeball. "What's that?" Tyson asked.

"It's a pokeball Mondo used to capture one of the lycanroc that were here," James answered excitedly. "It was used to breed in this place, so it might know where other pokémon breeding pairs are being kept! If he doesn't, he can sniff them out. He wasn't on bad terms with Mondo, your brother had quite a way with him, and so if Mondo's anywhere out here, Lycanroc could in theory find him too! If not, we at least sabotage this villain's means, and get some measure of early revenge."

"Oh I like the way you think," Tyson replied, grinning. "Didn't think you had it in you. Let's do this."

James grinned and released Lycanroc, who leapt out with a snarl and turned on them, eyes narrowed suspiciously. These men weren't the boy who'd caught him. "Lycanroc, the man who captured you and your mate took away Mondo and Meowth and the woman who was with us. He's imprisoned them somewhere, possibly out in these woods. Do you think you can find him? And other shacks with captured pokémon, for that matter? Lycanroc snarled on hearing this and nodded in agreement. Immediately it raced away, Tyson and James running to keep up with it.

Lycanroc bounded right to a shack not far from where they'd landed. It broke through it without hesitation, snarling and looking around. James raced in after it and gasped. "Wobbuffet, Mimikyu, Mareanie, Chimecho!" he exclaimed in alarm on seeing the miserable group of Pokemon all chained up.

They looked quickly up at him in hope. Mareanie screamed in delight, struggling to break free to wrap around him adoringly. "Chime, chime, chime!" Chimecho exclaimed in excitement, fighting against its own bonds.

"Wobbuffet!" Wobbuffet cheered. Mimikyu, of course, only made its typical choking sounds, glaring at the duo.

"Freaky little doll, isn't it?" Tyson asked, grimacing.

"Careful. It's sensitive," James whispered. Tyson raised an eyebrow but nonetheless kept quiet. James hurried to their sides and began picking locks. With a snarl, Lycanroc leapt forward and clawed the chains apart, releasing them quickly. James blinked blankly. "Why didn't you do that with your chains?!" he demanded.

Lycanroc gave him a dubious glare. "Seriously James?! Of course the guy would have proofed Lycanroc's chains against its attacks!" Tyson said. James blushed in embarrassment. Ooh… He probably should have guessed as much. He innocently grinned back at Tyson, who scowled at him. Lycanroc seemed to be of the same unimpressed mindset. "Let's just keep searching for the others," Tyson said.

"Right," James said. He turned back to the pokémon. "Do any of you know where Jessie, Mondo, and Meowth were taken?" he hopefully asked.

"Wobbuffet," Wobbufet sadly answered, bowing its head.

"Don't worry, we'll find them. I promise," James said, smiling reassuringly at them.

"Mareanie!" Mareanie said, wrapping around James's head. James yelped. "Mareanie, mareanie," she continued, sounding near tears. Tyson watched on with Lycanroc, both of them with mouths agape like they couldn't even believe what they were seeing.

PKMN

Lord Kojiro searched the mansion determinedly, stopping on occasion to ask other wandering guests subtle questions about the layout. He was getting nowhere fast, though, and a sense of urgency insistently burned at him. The thought of Dinah with that man… He scowled darky at the idea. He climbed up the steps to the fourth floor. If they were anywhere it would be a basement, he knew, but he'd seen no entrance to a basement. What he was searching for now were blueprints of the place that would lay out for him where it might be. He ducked out of sight as guards marched down the hall, then slipped out again and continued on, checking each room carefully.

It was about ten minutes before he found an office. He could have cheered, except guards were just down the hallway and so instead he slipped in silently, inwardly praising himself. He went straight to the file cabinet, grimaced, then dove in, searching for blueprints and hoping they weren't on the computer. His hacking skills were rusty, and that was being greatly generous. He dug through the cabinet, keeping an ear open for anyone approaching, then stopped suddenly. This it was! He leapt at the file, opening it and riffling quickly through. He almost cheered himself again as he seized the prints and pulled them out, laying them on the floor. He crept to the office door to listen. Nothing. He peered out. Empty hall. He shut the door again and went back to the blueprints, spreading them out and studying them.

"Ah. There you are," he said, smirking on seeing a secret passageway coming out one of the halls and going down into a basement that looked more like a dungeon. He committed the location to memory then put the blueprints back before slipping out again and heading to where they would supposedly be. If nothing went wrong, and everything transitioned smoothly, he should be done within an hour.

PKMN

Tyson could only gawk as yet another shed was decimated and the pokémon inside revealed. Team Rocket wasn't exactly known for giving pokémon the luxury treatment, but this? This was worse than anything they'd done. Well, almost. Depended on one's opinions on pokémon abuse versus pokémon experimentation. He and James had both been collecting leftover mons that were too hurt or weak to run away. They'd take them back to headquarters, get the doctors and professors to deal with them, then depending on Giovanni's order either dole them out to the grunts or keep them on reserve for future. Hey, wasn't like they would survive in the wild given the states they'd been left in.

"This is a nightmare," Tyson said, collecting up the pokémon in this shack that were too weak to leave. James was silent, visibly sickened at the states of the poor things. "Wonder how many this guy has." James just shrugged. Tyson frowned, looking over at him and summing him up. "Okay, obviously you can't deal with this. Get back to the balloon. It's almost time for us to go to the roof for extraction. I'll finish up a shack or two more with the lycanroc then meet you."

"I'm fine," James replied.

"No. You're not," Tyson flatly said. "Go, James. That's an order." James hesitated but then sighed and nodded, leaving silently with the box they'd filled. Tyson sighed and ran his fingers through his hair, looking around. "Smell anything else, you?" Tyson asked the lycanroc. Lycanroc growled and raced off. Tyson sighed again and followed it.

Two shacks later, they'd done all they could. Didn't seem lycanroc could smell any others anyway, so hopefully that meant they'd got them all. Time to head back to James to get ready for extraction. He returned to the balloon and started on looking inside. James was huddled in a corner head buried in his knees, his and Jessie's pokémon all surrounding him worriedly. Tyson winced. "Chime," Chimecho pled, wrapping around James worriedly. James didn't respond, just hunched in on himself more.

"It's done. We got them out. They'll be okay now… You did good, James," Tyson said, getting into the balloon. James didn't answer. Tyson grimaced and knelt in front of him. "They're free. Now we need to make sure Jessie, Mondo, and Meowth get free too, okay? And I'm gonna need you for that. I'm catching on to this balloon thing, yeah, but I'm not a pro at it like you and your partner." The mention of Jessie, Mondo, and Meowth seemed to catch his attention, as he glanced up in concern. "There you are. We're gonna get them out safe, James. Just be on your game, and everything will run smooth. Come on. You can do this." James grimaced then nodded, rising slowly and silently taking over the piloting of the balloon, getting them close to the mansion with eyes set determinedly. He almost looked like he'd leap right out if something went wrong and he had to help his friends. He probably would. Tyson had to give the guy credit, he was fiercely loyal to his friends right to the point of death if he had to be. Most likely. Good. He needed the no-nonsense James right now, not the withering one. They had this in the bag. He hoped.

PKMN

Lady Kojiro and the Duke were laughing together in front of the fireplace. He offered her more wine on seeing her glass empty. "Oh deah Duke, please, no moah. If I have anothah glass, I may not be able t' control maself," she protested, covering hers.

"My dear lady, let loose and celebrate!" he said. "I promise I shant take advantage of you."

"Oh, very well," she said, giggling and allowing him to fill it again. She took it and drank it back quickly. "Mmm," she said, placing the glass to the side. "It's been a mahvellous party, deah Duke. Thank you fo' savin' the night fo' me," she said.

"Of course, Lady Kojiro," he said.

"Dinah, please," she said, grinning at him.

"Dinah," he repeated. "My dear, I haven't the faintest idea how Lord Kojiro could possibly tire of you. You are a most intriguing woman," he said.

"Sir, yoah too kind. Thank you. Frankly I don't know either. Maybe there's somethin' wrong with me? Somethin' he don't like?" she said, slipping in a vulnerable inflection.

"If he thinks any such thing, the man needs his head examined," the Duke said, filling her glass again. She smiled and took it, drinking it. She put it down, soon, and sighed through the nose, rising and going to the fireplace, staring into the flames. "Dinah, is something the matter?" he asked.

"No… Everythin's wondahful. It's just been so long since I've… experienced a night like this," she answered softly and sadly. "Drinkin' wine, intelligent conversation… With a man I admire and am quite fond of…"

"Me, Dinah?" he asked, playing surprised though she knew he wasn't. She softly hummed. He smirked and stood to come up behind her. Just then, though, his phone buzzed. Dinah frowned to herself. This seemed an odd time for someone to be calling. Which meant there was a chance it was something that would throw their plans off. Which mean she needed to prevent him from focusing on whatever the caller had to say. She reached up and slowly removed the shawl that had been around her shoulders.

"What is it?" the Duke was asking whoever was on the other end. "A problem? What kind of…?" he trailed off when he saw Dinah turn around, holding a shawl out to the side and dropping it on the floor while smiling alluringly at him. She reached up with one hand, pulling down a sleeve and letting the dress slip lower on her right. "Deal with the problem yourself! I have a matter of my own to attend to," the Duke hissed before the caller could elaborate. He quickly shut the phone.

"Deah Duke, is y' leavin' so soon?" she asked. He watched her in silence as she approached him, hips swaying. "I was so hopin' y' wouldn't be like ma Johnathon and go walkin' out on a lady," she said, getting intimately close to him, barely an inch between them. Her raised fan was all that kept their faces from touching.

"I won't be going anywhere," the Duke growled, putting his hands on her small waist.

She pulled away deftly. "Oh, but look at me, what am I doin'? The wine's gettin' t' ma head I'm afraid. I really shouldn't be actin' this way. Might start somethin' I can't stop," she said, letting the other sleeve slip down her arms, letting the dress slide lower on her body exposing an ample amount of cleavage. "I can't stop," she whispered, giving him such a smoky look that he shivered. "Deah Duke, what are y' doin' t' me?" His body was reacting to the sight. He approached her and took her arms, looking down at her chest. "Is there somethin' wrong with ma body, I wondah? Is that why Johnathon can't be bothahed with me anymoah?" she asked.

"Dear woman…" the Duke growled. "If you would like, I can examine it for any flaws.

"Duke, you promised not t' take advantage," she chastised.

"I'm only offering to help you, my lady," he replied. "Just as a friend."

"Mmm… Borin'," she answered, tracing a finger up and down the crease of her chest. He gave a soft moan, just watching and enjoying as she leisurely teased him.

"Duke!" a guard exclaimed, bursting into the room.

The Duke spun around, all but snarling. "What?!" he roared in outrage. The guard looked terrified, instantly backing away nervously. "This had better be good," the Duke spat, approaching him menacingly.

"S-sir, we have a situation with the pokémon," the guard said.

The Duke stopped. "What?" he asked.

"T-two figures were spotted in the woods creeping around the outbuildings," the guard said.

The Duke's eyes went wide, and he cursed. "Stay here, Dinah. I'll be back as soon as I can, and we'll continue this." The moment he was gone, she quickly slipped her dress back up and threw on her shawl, frowning. This was a problem. Hopefully, though, it would mean Johnathon remained undetected if the man's attention was on the figures skulking around on his property. She picked up the wine bottle, examining it. Humph. Weak stuff. She smirked, putting it down again.