19Chapter 8: Mission: Status Complete
.

(A/N: Warning, chapter contains sexually suggestive scenes and near sexual assault, so if that's a trigger for anyone, there's a heads-up.)

Mission: Status Complete

Lord Kojiro slipped into the basement in silence. He made his way quickly through, passing every empty cell he crossed, looking for Jessie, Mondo, or Meowth. He wanted to call out to them, odds were they were the only prisoners here, but just in case guards were around he refrained. He looked down to the next level and started. There they were! He quickly slipped down and approached the cell quietly. "Jessie, Mondo, Meowth," he said in a whisper to the three, who seemed to be huddled together trying to figure out a plan.

They started, looking over at him in surprise. Jessie lit up, grinning wide. "Ah hah! Lord Kojiro, you found us!"

"Whoa, wait, but isn't he James's dad?!" Mondo exclaimed.

"He was the one number I had. We're lucky he came at all, so you'd best be grateful, Mondo," Jessie said, frowning at him.

"I am, but seriously? James's dad?" Mondo replied.

"And your only hope," Johnathon stated, fishing around for something to pick the lock with and setting to work on it.

"Guess we know where Jim got it from," Meowth said.

"Lockpicking is learnt or taught, not inherited," Lord Kojiro huffed. "I'm sure he picked it up at some point during his ill-fated childhood, but I can guarantee he didn't learn it from me. I just happen to know the inner workings of locks."

"Why?" Mondo asked.

"Because I do!" Lord Kojiro replied, frowning at him. "Now hush and let me focus. We're on borrowed time here, you realize." He focused on the job and soon enough the lock clicked. He inwardly praised himself and pulled open the door for them. "Quickly, quickly, we don't have a lot of opportunity," he prompted, urging them out.

"Boy am I glad ta see you. I thought for sure I was gonna be used for a goldmine breeder," Meowth said.

"You're a goldmine all on your own," Lod Kojiro said. "You're the only walking, talking pokémon known to man, or one of the only ones. I'm not sure you or even Jessie and James are aware of how rare and valuable you are."

"Hey, I resent that!" Jessie protested as they hurried to get out.

Lord Kojiro rolled his eyes and looked towards the doors. Just then they flew open and someone entered, swinging a knife at him! He yelped, throwing up his cane blocking the attack, and struck the attacker up the side of the head, knocking him down and out. He gaped in disbelief as if he couldn't believe he'd just done it. It took the others a moment to process it as well. "Did you just take a knifeman out with a cane?!" Mondo finally blurted. "In one shot?!"

"Uhh…" Lord Kojiro began. He cleared his throat awkwardly. "It would appear I have," he said, trying to play it off like it was nothing.

"That's awesome!" Mondo said.

"It means they're onto us is what it means!" Jessie shot. "Let's get out of here while we have a chance!" They raced up into the hall and froze, gasping. Blocking them off on both sides were the Duke's men and the Duke himself!

"But-but…" Lord Kojiro began. Hadn't Dinah been distracting him? Oh no, had something happened?

"We heard news of two figures skulking around the property," the Duke said. He looked at Jessie. "We warned your partner if he tried to double cross us someone would die. We were on our way to carry out an execution. It seems instead we stumbled on a rescue and a double cross of our own." He turned to Lord Kojiro. "I can't say I'm surprised it was a ploy, your wife's sudden interest."

"Dinah has no idea what I'm doing, thank goodness. The shrew would have my head," Lord Kojiro answered, hoping to keep his wife undiscovered. "Though admittedly I did use her interest in you to my advantage. If she's going to go off and flirt behind my back, she has it coming."

"Oh don't insult my intelligence," the Duke replied. "There hasn't been a single rumor of infidelity between you two in all the time you've been together. In our circles when there's unfaithfulness, everybody who's anybody knows. I thought it was too good to be true. It seems it really was. Get them. Kill the boy, throw the young woman and the meowth back in their cell, and seize Lord Johnathon alive. I have plans for him and his lovely wife.

Lord Kojiro's eyes narrowed and he readied his cane and drew a pokeball. Jessie, Mondo, and Meowth started. "Go to the roof immediately. Someone will be ready to pick you up right on schedule. Let nothing stop you," he murmured to them.

"But what about you?" Jessie asked in concern.

"I'll manage just fine," Lord Kojiro assured. "Hydreigon, render them useless!"

"Hydreigon?!" Jessie, Meowth, and Mondo all exclaimed together. Sure enough from out the pokeball sprang a great hydreigon, letting out a ferocious roar. It stormed immediately towards a wall of the guards, who screamed in horror and scattered as the heads began snapping at everything that moved, trying to devour it.

"Run, now! And for the love of Arceus, don't get in the way of the heads!" Lord Kojiro ordered.

"Wait, what?!" Mondo exclaimed.

"Come on!" Jessie said, seizing Mondo's arm and racing ahead, taking the opportunity to flee.

"Wait for me!" Meowth called, running after them.

PKMN

The Duke gaped in horror at the scene, the hydreigon tearing through the hallway attempting to devour everything that moved. He'd almost been one of those things, but had managed to dive behind cover just in time to avoid it. A hydreigon? A damn hydreigon?! Really?! He scowled darkly, eyes fixed on Lord Kojiro, who spun and began attacking other guards with his cane, making a surprising dent. He didn't want to know how the man would be faring if that cane was bladed, but this was a suicide tactic and they both knew it. He was buying time for the other three to escape, but with or without his hydreigon, he was doomed.

"Use the sleep powder reserve on that hydreigon!" the Duke shouted. A guard scrambled out from cover, crossing the hall and hitting a button. The hallway locked down and the vents opened up as a warning buzzer sounded. Quickly the guards pulled up masks to cover their mouths and noses. The Duke dodged into a nearby room, shutting the door behind him. There was a hissing sound and powder began sprinkling down onto Hydreigon. It roared in outrage and began to waver. Lord Kojiro spun, quickly returning it to its ball and covering his own mouth and nose. Maybe it bought him a few seconds, but ultimately it didn't matter. It wasn't long before he wavered and gasped for breath, sinking to his knees before collapsing to the ground unconscious. The vents closed off after a minute. The hallway went out of lockdown and the automatic windows opened to let in fresh air. Soon enough it was safe for the guards to remove their masks. The Duke came out, glowering darkly at Lord Kojiro. "Grab him, then try to catch the other three if you still can. If you can't, well… then the lord and his lady can pay the price they would have."

The men moved, taking hold of the unconscious man and tying him up. "Where shall we put him, sir?" a guard asked.

The Duke considered the question. "Bring him to the bedroom that's across the courtyard from mine, in its direct line of sight. Tie him to the bedpost and keep the curtains drawn until I give you a sign to open them. We have the lord, now I must obtain his lady as well," he answered, turning and walking away, beckoning for three guards to follow him.

PKMN

Tyson and James watched the roof carefully for any sign of Jessie, Mondo, and Meowth. Suddenly a door burst open and the three bolted out, probably running from something. "There!" Tyson exclaimed.

"I'm bringing it down but not landing. That way it'll be a faster escape. Get ready to grab them!" James said. "Jessie, Meowth, Mondo!"

The three looked quickly up and gasped in relief. "James!" Jessie said.

"Jimbo, ya made it!" Meowth cheered.

"Tyson!" Mondo frantically and desperately cried, fighting back a sudden desperate need to be hidden in his brother's arms.

"Goddammit!" Tyson said, resisting the urge to leap out. "One at a time, I'll haul you up!"

"Ladies first?" Mondo asked.

"Children and puny pokémon before women," Jessie replied.

"Who ya callin' puny?!" Meowth protested. He cried out in alarm as Jessie grabbed him by the scruff and tossed him. Tyson caught the scratch-cat, who blinked blankly up at him. "Tyson, hey! How's every little t'ing?" Meowth awkwardly asked, grinning blamelessly. Tyson frowned and dropped him like a sack of potatoes, rolling his eyes. He leaned over as far as he could, reaching out. Mondo saw the edge of the building and began to hesitate.

"Don't slow down Mondo!" Jessie ordered, shoving him along quicker.

"But what if I can't make it?!" Mondo asked.

"I'm gonna catch you, Mondo. I always do!" Tyson called.

"Leap as far as you can. James and Tyson will do the rest," Jessie said encouragingly. Mondo swallowed, reached the ledge, and leapt out as far as he possibly could, reaching. For a moment he was terrified he'd fall short, but James moved the balloon a little closer and Tyson caught his hand firmly, dragging him into the balloon immediately and crushing him in a hug. Mondo clung tightly to him.

"Hug later, save me first!" Jessie called. Tyson grimaced and reluctantly let his sibling go, to Mondo's protest, reaching out as Jessie leapt and catching her hand, hauling her on board before pulling his brother into his arms again. Mondo hugged him back tightly. James immediately flew up high into the sky, heading away from the mansion, then let the balloon drift and leapt at Jessie, grabbing her into a tight hug and spinning her around. She clung to him. "Oh James, I was so afraid one of us was done for!" she said.

"It's alright, Jessie. We're all together again and everything's alright and I'll never let it happen again, ever!" James promised, clinging to her with tears threatening his eyes.

"Wobbuffet!" Wobuffet cheered, nuzzling Jessie. Mimikyu, making its choking noises, played indifferent, but the fact it was playing indifferent while huddled against her leg negated the effect.

"Should we go back for the agents that got you out? Are they in trouble?" James asked in concern.

"They were your parents," Mondo blurted excitedly. "Your dad is flipping awesome!"

"They were my what?!" James freaked.

Jessie clenched her teeth in alarm. Uh oh, damage control time. "They weren't agents, you were misinformed. The two that rescued us were in fact your parents. I contacted your father when I claimed I was talking to our mission overseer. He was the only number I knew off hand who was right here and might have known what to do! I didn't expect them to handle it themselves, but they did surprisingly well."

"My parents did this?! What happened?" James demanded.

"Your mudda distracted, your fadda got us out," Meowth said.

"Then we were attacked in the hall and the guy sends out this wicked awesome hydreigon thing that just tears though those guards like paper, and he tells us to run right? And he stays behind to keep the rest of the guards from following us and he was fighting with his cane, James! His flipping cane and that's it! Well, Hydreigon too, but still!" Mondo said.

"He was spotted?! By the Duke and his men?!" James freaked. He wavered a bit, feeling faint and managing to catch himself on the rim of the basket before passing totally out. "And where was my mother in all this?" he demanded, shaking out of it. "If she was supposed to be the distraction and the Duke wasn't distracted and had guards… We have to go back! We have to go back right now!"

"James calm down. I'm sure your mother and father are just fine," Jessie said.

"Turn this balloon around right now or so help me I'll jump out and head back solo!" James threatened. He glanced down to judge the height. Well, he'd survived worse. They weren't far over the treetops. With luck he could grab onto one and not break every bone in his body.

"James, you're being…" Jessie began.

"I'm coming mumsy!" James exclaimed, leaping over.

"James!" Jessie screamed, lunging for the basket and gaping over with Meowth in horror. James seized a tree top as he was falling, clinging to it tight.

"The hell is wrong with your dipshit partner?!" Tyson freaked, joining her along with Mondo in looking over.

"Apparently he likes his parents more den we t'ought. Or at least his mudda," Meowth replied.

"Blood and water?" Mondo offered lamely. Meowth shrugged. He wouldn't know about any of that. He'd never had either.

James, meanwhile, was snapping out his emotional reaction and suddenly regretting his actions. Why did he care again? It wasn't like they'd repay the favor if their situations were reversed. His parents could take care of themselves! But he still felt like he just had to know for certain. He got a view of the mansion and its direction, then clambered down the tree and headed towards it at a run, hoping he didn't run into any problems. He'd left his pokémon back on the balloon.

PKMN

Lady Kojiro stood in the study, examining the bookshelves. Her mind wasn't on them, though. It was on the alarms that had been blaring earlier. She was uneasy. Very uneasy. Either it had been for the two figures skulking around outside, or it had been for Johnathon. She was beginning to suspect the latter, and that had her very much on guard, but she'd received no signal from him that things had gone south, as they'd agreed to do, so she was unsure. She heard the door to the study open and schooled her frown into an easy and sultry smile. She turned around, folding her hands in front of her. "Deah Duke, you was gone quite a while," she said to him.

"Trouble in paradise I'm afraid," he answered. "Come, Dinah. Let's leave this stuffy study for a bit and take a little walk through my mansion. I'm afraid I'm in no mood to linger here anymore."

"Was it somethin' so horrible?" she asked.

"Not so much horrible as… annoying," he answered. "Also, there was… something else I wanted to do. For you specifically."

"Oh?" she asked, a bit suspicious but playing it off like she wasn't.

"A surprise," he answered, smiling at her. "I thought you might like it very much."

"Foah me? Yoah movin' fast, Duke," she said, smirking flirtatiously.

He smiled. "Who knows when next you'll be back to my mansion? I must make the most of our time together, mustn't I?" he said.

"Very well. I'd be honahed t' accompany y'," she said, approaching him and linking an arm through his, letting him lead her out of the study and into the halls. Inwardly she wished she hadn't forgotten the pokeball she usually kept on her at all times, ready to be used the moment it was needed. She had more than one, of course, but this specific one was the one she kept on her person for self-defence if she was just going out for a bit. This time she'd forgotten it at home, which meant she might have to find another way to get out of any trouble that could arise. She wasn't holding her breath, and so she'd do her best to avoid anything escalating to a fight.

PKMN

The Duke led Lady Kojiro silently through the mansion. His lack of dialogue had her on edge, but she played calm and collected, humming softly. Soon she paused. "Deah Duke, yoah bein' quite quiet," she said.

"I'm enjoying your humming, Dinah," he answered, smiling easily. He approached a room and turned to it. The doors were large, larger than others down this hall. She frowned a bit guardedly. His private quarters, she guessed immediately. Hmm… she was playing risky now. Well, riskier. "Come," he said. He opened the doors and led her inside a grand chamber. The three guards posted themselves around, which she would hope was a good sign he wasn't going to try anything. Then again, maybe he didn't care if they… witnessed.

"Sir, y' said y' wasn't gonna take advantage," she said with a faux pout at him.

He smirked, chuckling. "I have a gift for you," he said.

"Really?" she asked as he led her towards the big window that looked out over the courtyard and clear across to the other side of the mansion.

"Yes. I think you'll be left utterly… stunned at it," he said.

"Well I'm eagah t' see what it is," she said.

He smirked and turned to look out the window. "Raise the curtains of the bedroom across the way," he said. She frowned curiously. Were there listening devices in here picking them up? That was more than a little concerning. She turned to follow his gaze as the curtains across the way began to lift. As they did, her lips slowly parted in fear and her body tensed up. Revealed to her, bound to a bedpost on his feet, was none other than her husband, struggling to get free. Four guards stood there with him, near at hand. He looked up quickly and started, stiffening on seeing her and paling. She stood numbly, staring in disbelief. No…

"Given all those horrible things you were saying about how awful and disloyal a man your husband was, I though you might like it," the Duke said. "You said you were seeking not a playmate but a lover, should some ill befall Lord Kojiro. Well, here is your chance. Your chance to see to it that evil befalls him, and he can offend you no longer." One of the guards drew a long knife and put it against Lord Kojiro's throat. He winced, but his attention was otherwise wholly on his wife in fear. He willed her to flee. He willed her desperately to flee… "Say the word and your husband will be no more. No one ever needs to know what befell him. As far as they'll be concerned, he just… left. Say the word and you'll see the knife drawn across his throat. He would deserve it. They found him in bed with anther woman, as you suspected. A pretty young thing with long magenta hair oddly styled." She knew the hidden message. The woman could only be Jessie. He'd been found releasing their son's friends. She said nothing, just stared. "My lady, they await your order," he cooed.

She remained quiet. Finally, she chuckled and bowed her head. The Duke raised an eyebrow at her. "Deah Duke, don't insult ma intelligence and I won't insult yoahs," she finally said with a smile. "We both know what's happenin'." She looked up again, smile sad and reassuring as she met her husband's eyes.

Lord Kojiro started, reading the resolved expression and inwardly panicking. "Dinah? Dinah don't! Don't do it!" he shouted out desperately, frantically shaking his head. "Just go! Leave! Run! Please no, just run!" He didn't know if they could hear him as he could hear them, but he prayed they could.

Her smile fell sadly, and she turned to the man, looking away from him and meeting the Duke's eyes instead. "Whatevah price you ask foah his freedom, I'll pay it."

"Why Dinah, I want nothing from you. Nothing, at least, that you don't offer willingly. Far be it for me to blackmail you," the Duke answered.

She was quiet, staring up at him. Those words were all that she needed to determine the price he wanted. Needless to say, it wasn't money. Finally, she reached up, removing her shawl and pushing it into the Duke's hands. He threw it to the side, eyes fixed on her challengingly. She let the sleeves of her dress down as she had before. This time she let them all the way down and off her arms, revealing her corset in full. He eyed it in appreciation.

"Dinah, not for me! Not like this! Go my love, just leave! Flee from him!" Lord Kojiro pled from his position across the way.

"Those who try and play hero, Lord Kojiro, will pay the price of heroes," the Duke said in response. So they could hear, Lord Kojiro realized.

"We've nevah claimed t' be heroes, Duke. But we will claim t' be bettah than you is," Dinah stated.

"You've stopped, Dinah," the Duke replied. He gestured to his guards across the way to push the knife against Lord Kojiro's throat further. The one who held it did so. Lord Kojiro grimaced. "Turn the flat edge to his neck in case he tries to attempt a sacrifice to save his lady." They did so. Dinah stared at the Duke and soon let her skirts slip off and pool around her feet, leaving a girdle, stockings, and garters. His smile spread as he took it in. She looked over at her husband and fear and longing came to her eyes. He shook his head again, mouthing 'no'. Sadness filled her expression. She turned back to the Duke. After a moment she knelt in front of him, clasping his coat and bowing her head.

A noise sounded from outside. The guard nearest the door, who looked very uncomfortable, turned curiously and slipped out to investigate…

PKMN

"Set him free," Lady Kojiro begged in a whisper. He grinned wickedly and reached down, undoing her bun and letting her hair cascade down around her loosely. She remained still. Lord Kojiro began to frantically struggle, stretching and straining and twisting to get loose. Apparently it was working, because quickly a guard moved and handcuffed him rather than relying solely on the ropes.

A third guard slipped subtly back into the room, taking up a post once again…

"You have a good woman, Johnathon, and among the bravest I've seen," the Duke said, smirking cruelly. "To love you so dearly she would pay such a price for your life… My but she's stunning, isn't she? Think of it. My hands upon her slim waist, my mouth exploring the two mounds which once fed your babe and were only your delight, her slender neck in my grasp, her delicate supplee lips around my…"

"Stop!" Johnathon begged. Even the guards monitoring the lord were starting to look uneasy and sympathetic. The guards with the Duke as well, who were shifting restlessly, really not wanting to be part of this anymore but too afraid of the man to leave.

The third guard was tense, hands clenched into fists so tight they were painful, and horrified eyes fixed on the scene in shock. He shivered in both fear and anguished desperation.

The Duke chuckled and reached down, cupping the woman's face and tilting it before turning her head to make her look at him. He traced her lips with a thumb. "You are so utterly poised, so picture perfect," he said to her.

"I promise, you will suffer for this," Johnathon threatened through gritted teeth in a whisper, eyes tightly shut.

"It would be such a crime. To ruin you like this… So, I'll tell you what. I'll give you a mercy. No strings attached," the Duke said. She stayed quiet. "Bring me the syringe," he ordered. A guard approached him and handed a syringe over.

"No! No, please, I'll give you anything, pay you anything!" Johnathon begged, thrashing again. "Release her, I beg you my Duke. I beg you! Dinah! Dinah please, not for me! Not for me! Dinah!"

"Pay me anything, hmm? Even your son?" the Duke replied. Johnathon caught his breath, stiffening. The guards looked more uncomfortable than ever.

The Duke's third guard almost stumbled in shock.

PKMN

For a moment there was stunned quiet. "What?" Johnathon finally replied.

"One look at that young man out of disguise, and I knew he was yours and your wife's. Duke of Yore indeed," the man said. Johnathon said nothing. The Duke chuckled and turned to the woman once more. She'd gone as pale as a ghost. When she caught his eyes, though, she willed herself to recover and remain poised and calm. "Will your husband offer your son in exchange for you, I wonder?" he asked. She didn't snap at the bait. "No? Here I thought your boy was dead to him." Again, she didn't snap. "Very well. Then there's nothing further to discuss…" The Duke took the syringe and stuck it into her neck. She gasped, stiffening.

The third guard almost lunged, but the other two were in the way...

The Duke emptied the contents into her. She let out a sigh, collapsing. He bent, catching her in an arm and smirking before withdrawing it from her neck, every drop gone. He chuckled and picked her up in his arms, walking over to his bed and laying her down on it. Her hair fanned out around her over the pillows and bedspread. He chuckled darkly.

"Sir, this isn't…" one of the Duke's guards that were guarding Johnathon began.

"Silence!" the Duke ordered. The guard stopped talking. After a moment, though, he turned and left the room. Another followed. Of the Duke's three guards as well, one subtly slipped out, refusing to participate in this anymore. Another looked ready to go too.

The third, though, was frozen in place…

"Weak. All of them," the Duke said with a scoff. He looked back at the woman laying unconscious on the bed. "Breathtaking," he said. "Oh, look at her, Johnathon. You don't have as clear a view as me I'm sure, but I'm certain you can fill in the blanks. Mmm… what a form. The envy of artists and sculptors. This woman had a child?" Johnathon watched helplessly on, tears glistening in his quivering eyes. This couldn't be happening. This couldn't be happening. Please, please don't let this be happening.

Dinah…

The Duke went to the bed and leaned over her, lifting her body and cutting the strings of the corset one by one. He pulled it from her and tossed it to the side. He made a sound of pleasure then removed the girdle and stockings and garter. He moaned in appreciation. The third of the four guards watching Lord Kojiro turned and left like the other two had, leaving only the one with the knife at Johnathon's throat. The second guard in the Duke's room also slipped out.

The third still stayed, quivering in subdued wrath and hatred. Now he was clear to act. Now he began to subtly slip closer…

"Stop! Stop it, please! Duke, I'll press no charges and say nothing of this at all, but don't do this, please! Stop! Stop!" Johnathon begged frantically, thrashing desperately.

The guard holding him at knifepoint let out a gasp and pulled the knife away, unlocking the handcuffs and removing them. He looked ready to cut the ropes as well but then… "Don't do it. You know what happens to you and your family if you do," the Duke threatened. The guard froze, looking fearfully towards the room the Duke was in across the courtyard. Lord Kojiro didn't want to know the kind of fear and power and threats the duke had developed to keep his guards so deeply under his control. The Duke smiled cruelly and climbed onto the bed and over her, smirking. He began to unbuckle his belt and dress pants.

"Dinah! Dinah! No stop it, stop it! Stop! Don't!" Johnathon screamed, almost hoarse now. He was all but collapsing to the ground. Had he not been held up by the ropes binding him, he likely would have.

"Don't worry, Johnathon. Soon it'll be over, and you can go on your way free. Your wife will stay to be the price you pay for your son's continued safety. Any action against me to take her back renders that agreement void, and your boy and his friends will suffer for their theft and the destruction of my property," he said. He turned attention fully to Lady Kojiro. "You are a prize well worth the losses of the day," he growled at her, sliding his hands up her thighs and reaching towards her with two fingers. And that was as far as he got...

PKMN

Suddenly the third guard lunged at the Duke with a furious shout, diving at the man and tackling him off the bed and away from the woman. Viciously the figure tore into the Duke. "What the hell are you doing?!" the Duke furiously roared, clawing at his attacker furiously.

"Stay. Away. From. My…" the guard began, striking a violent blow with every word. He cried out in pain as the Duke landed a hit, knocking off the guard's hat and sunglasses and revealing who was beneath.

Lord Kojiro nearly died of a heart-attack. "Son!" he exclaimed. The Duke gawked in horror and shock.

James started, blinking, then scowled, delivering another violent blow to the man's face. "Mother!" he finished in fury. The Duke threw him and leapt to his feet again, diving for a gun nearby. "Damn you!" James yelled, diving at the Duke again. This time, though, he tackled the man right out the window, glass shattering around them as they fell from the highest story.

"James!" Lord Kojiro screamed. The guard hesitated no longer, seizing Lord Kojiro's hydreigon and releasing it before cutting the man free. Hydreigon broke through the window with a roar. "Hydreigon, catch him!" Johnathon ordered as the guard was still cutting him loose. The moment he was freed from the ropes he lunged at the window. Hydreigon roared again, diving at James and the Duke and grabbing them both!

"Not him, you nincompoop. He meant me!" James protested, furious that Hydreigon hadn't just let the Duke drop. At least he hoped his father meant him. It was hard to tell at times.

"Hydreigon, drop James back with his mother. Bring the other to me!" Lord Kojiro roared in fury. Quickly the fourth guard made a break from it, fleeing the room. The nobleman didn't begrudge him at all.

"What?!" James demanded. He yelped as he was tossed back in the Duke's room and gasped, standing.

Hydreigon brought the Duke quickly to Lord Kojiro, depositing him in the room. Lord Kojiro returned it and scowled down murderously at the Duke. "I promised you would suffer," Lord Kojiro all but snarled, seizing his cane. The Duke gawked up at the man in shock, unsure whether to laugh or be horrified. He was certainly leaning more towards horror. The Duke dove to the side as Lord Kojiro brought down his cane. He got to his feet quickly and grabbed a lamp from nearby, shattering it and turning, ready to use it as a weapon against the enraged man.

PKMN

James watched on in horror and concern, but a soft breath came from the bed and he turned quickly, concern in his eyes. "Mummy?" he said, hurrying to her side and stopping. He swallowed, closing his eyes tightly. To see her like this… He felt sick to the stomach. That that man had… He almost sobbed but gasped it back and quickly covered up his mother with the blankets before pulling her close, teeth gritted tightly as he protectively held her. He picked her up and got ready to run, but just then he heard his father's shriek of pain.

James froze, spinning, and paled. "Da!" he exclaimed in horror, eyes flying wide. The Duke had stabbed his father right through the hand! The Duke made to cut down. Johnathon pulled back, but not far enough. The shard carved right through the hand, sliced the wrist, and cut clean up the arm all the way to Johnathon's shoulder. The man swung his cane, striking the Duke in the head and knocking him down. He collapsed to his knees with a gasp, bleeding severely. And artery or vein must have been cut, and James watched on in horror as his father bled out rapidly. He cursed himself for not bringing Chimecho along. "Father!" James cried, racing to the window in fear. Lord Kojiro, trying in vein to staunch the bleeding, looked over towards his wife and son as he shook. He grimaced and closed his eyes, looking away.

"Get your mother out! Go!" he managed to call. James was pale.

"James!" another voice shouted. Jessie? James looked over with a gasp and hope filled him. Jessie, Mondo, Meowth, and Tyson!

"Jessie, get my father! He needs help now!" James shouted. Jessie looked over and gasped. She leapt from the balloon as Tyson got it lower, landing next to the man. Immediately she began to strip pieces of cloth from anything she could grab to try and stop the bleeding.

"Chime, I need you!" Jessie called.

"Chime," Chime worriedly replied, flying quickly down and casting heal bell without even having to be told.

Tyson gaped on in shock, then caught sight of movement. He looked over quickly and started. The Duke was starting to get up! Tyson turned to Mondo and Meowth. "Get James and his mother then come back here stat," he ordered. Mondo nodded fearfully.

"You got it, Tyson," Meowth said. Tyson leapt out and Meowth immediately steered across the courtyard towards James and Lady Kojiro. James hurriedly deposited his mother inside, then raced around grabbing up her clothing items before joining them and kneeling by his parent once more, holding her hand tightly. He stood again, looking back at his father, Tyson, and Jessie.

The Duke rose shakily and looked over darkly, all but snarling. "Now who are you?!" he demanded of Tyson.

"Hey Jess, is that a voice I hear?" Tyson asked.

"A monster is rising and coming near," Jessie answered with a scowl, looking over with eyes narrowed at the man.

"From the moon?" Tyson asked.

"From the stars?" Jessie said.

"No, from the earth," Lord Kojiro growled darkly.

"Here creatures like that really exist?" Tyson said.

"I say death to him, and please don't miss," Jessie replied.

"A beast by any other name is still a beast," Tyson said.

"We'll capture him then celebrate with a feast," Jessie said.

"Tyson."

"Jessie."

"So Duke, here's a newsflash from across the wire," Tyson said.

"The boss will have you toasted on a pyre!" Jessie said, pointing at the Duke along with Tyson. Tyson lunged at him as the balloon came near.

"You did the motto with him?!" James demanded of his partner, a bit put out.

"You were otherwise occupied," Jessie answered, smirking and finishing wrapping Lord Kojiro's arm. She helped him up and got him to the balloon. Chime continued with heal bell. Tyson was making short work of the Duke, so it wouldn't be long before his unconscious body was tossed in.

"Burn the place to the ground?" Meowth hopefully asked.

"No. He's the only one guilty in that place," Lord Kojiro said. "I'm sure other uses will be found for it."

"What other uses could there be for an perfectly legitimate office business?" James quickly said, trying to cover their tracks.

"Oh come off it Jameson. Give your mother and I more credit than that," Lord Kojiro bit. "We know what you do. The truth of what you do."

"What?!" James exclaimed, blushing deeply. He groaned, bowing his head.

"Oh, let it go," Lord Kojiro said. "It wasn't as if it was difficult to figure out. You certainly weren't extraordinarily subtle." His eyes fell on his wife and he immediately grew solemn. After a moment he knelt at her side, gathering her body gently into his arms and holding it against his chest. The others went silent. James knelt beside his mother too, staring fearfully at her with tears threatening his eyes. "What were you thinking? Tackling the man out a top-story window?"

"What?!" Jessie and Meowth demanded.

"I… I was thinking I couldn't let him touch her," James answered, shrinking in on himself.

Lord Kojiro was quiet. "You might have died, you realize," he finally said.

"Would you have shed a tear?" James asked with a scoff. Lord Kojiro's eyes narrowed. He looked like he was about to snap, but he felt his wife shifting and decided it was better to stay quiet for now. His attention went back to her in concern, as did James'.

PKMN

Mondo watched in concern. Tyson put a firm hand on his shoulder and squeezed it a bit. "Don't ever hang up on me again," he growled warningly.

"Sorry. I got into a tight spot and I didn't want you to be freaking out the whole time," Mondo replied, glad for the distraction.

"I was worried about you!" Tyson said.

"Guess that explains the rescue party," Mondo said.

"Don't do that. You know, joke," Tyson seriously warned. "You could have died."

Mondo winced and bowed his head. "I'm sorry. It was just supposed to be simple," he said.

"Then there's a lesson for you. Just because something seems simple doesn't mean it's gonna be," Tyson said.

"Where are we bringin' dem?" Meowth asked.

"A hospital of course!" James replied.

"Your mother will wake up and be fine," Lord Kojiro said.

"And what about…" James testily began. He trailed off, hesitating. His father raised an eyebrow. "What about you?" James finally finished quietly, bowing his head as if expecting a lecture or a scoff.

Lord Kojiro was quiet. "Very well," he finally relented.

"Mmm… Johnathon?" Lady Kojiro murmured softly, stirring a bit.

Lord Kojiro turned back to her. "I'm here," he promised.

"James… James was…" she began. Johnathon inwardly cursed. So even though she had been unconscious, she'd still been semi aware. The realization made him feel sick to the stomach.

"I'm alright, mum," James said, voice meeker sounding than he would have liked. He too had realized what it meant, you see, and he got the feeling both he and his father were doing their best to refrain from tossing the bound Duke out of the balloon. Said Duke suddenly cried out in agony and James looked over. Jessie had kicked him right where it mattered and was scowling at him while Tyson held her back in surprise.

Lady Kojiro's eyes fluttered open. "Th-there was a crash…" she began.

"Later, love, later," Johnathon softly soothed.

Her clouded eyes found James and a slight smile pulled at her lips. "Hello deah. When did y' come visit?"

James swallowed painfully, tears threatening his eyes. Seeing his mother half-delirious and covered in only a blanket… It was getting to be too much. "I came in time, mother. In time," he answered simply. "He didn't harm you."

"Hmm… As long as he didn't harm y' neithah…" she whispered softly before drifting off again. James was dead silent.

"She'll be alright," Lord Kojiro promised, noting his son's silence. Gently he stroked his wife's hair.

"The way he talked about her, the way he touched her…" James said hollowly. He supposed from his father's mouth the words might have sounded perhaps beautiful, he supposed if the hands touching her had been his dad's it would have been romantic and tender and sweet, but that was because his father wouldn't have been trying to… He immediately shoved away the idea and buried it in a box in the darkest recesses of his mind. Lord Kojiro's jaw twitched.

"He'll pay for it soon enough," Tyson said. "Giovanni doesn't take kindly to blackmail."

"Maybe I should stay," James said to his father.

"Because you're so good at that," Lord Kojiro bit. He regretted it immediately and bit his tongue, but didn't give a sign of regret and didn't apologize. James looked like he'd been struck. Lord Kojiro focused on his wife again. "Visit if you must, James, but you have work to be completed right now. Your mother and I will be alright."

PKMN

Soon James's parents had been left at the hospital. James hadn't spoken, nor had his father, since their last exchange. No one dared try and make them, and after the nobleman was gone they didn't have the heart to press James. The balloon landed on top of the roof and the passengers disembarked. Jessie and James froze. In front of them stood Giovanni himself along with Butch, Cassidy, and a nervous and worried looking Viper! Mondo paled and Meowth gaped in disbelief. This didn't look good. The moment Mondo was out of the balloon, Viper had caught him in a hug. "So, these are the mentors you chose, Mondo. I take it the mission was a failure?" Giovanni greeted, obviously fully expecting an affirmative answer.

Mondo's eyes narrowed. He drew out his new pokeball, which James had given back to him, and threw it down. From out of it leapt the midnight lycanroc! Which he still had every intention of releasing soon. The others all started, mouths dropping. "That answer your question, boss?" Mondo asked. Immediately he called it back. It was starting to glare at Giovanni's Persian, who had taken an instant dislike to it.

"Well Butch, it would appear you're no longer alone in your accomplishment," Giovanni said to Butch, ignoring Mondo's question. Butch cringed and shot a dirty look at Mondo. Mondo stuck out his tongue defiantly. Butch rolled his eyes.

"They even saved me and took out a bunch of guys that got in the way," Mondo continued, looking back to Giovanni.

"I'm impressed, Mondo. Take your prize and go. The lycanoc is yours. It's Jessie and James I want," Giovanni said.

"What for?" Mondo uncertainly questioned, worried for his friends.

"That's none of your concern," Giovanni replied. Mondo looked nervously back at them. Jessie nodded, silently ordering him to run along. Mondo swallowed and hurried away, feeling incredibly awkward. Tyson followed his brother. Once alone, Giovanni turned to Jessie, James, and Meowth. "Whatever Butch and Cassidy told you was a lie!" James blurted. "It wasn't our fault, whatever it was!"

"Quiet James," Jessie barked sharply, scowling. James swallowed and fell silent.

"I'm not looking to punish you three," Giovanni said. He focused on Jessie. "You, Meowth, and Mondo remain unscathed, I take it?" he said to her.

"Yes sir," Jessie replied, saluting.

"Good. And the man who offended you?" Giovanni asked.

"All yours," James replied, gesturing back at the balloon. "Unconscious now. Again. And tied up."

"Excellent... I'll make certain he's dealt with accordingly. Now, Jessie, I have something for you three," Giovanni said,

"Huh? A present?" Meowth hopefully asked.

"No. Something a bit more substantial. A high-profile mission, in fact," Giovanni said.

"What?!" Cassidy and Butch demanded in outrage.

"Oh, don't worry, you two will be put to task with it as well," Giovanni said, glaring warningly at them. They stiffened and fell silent, exchanging uncertain looks. Why did this seem like it wasn't going to bode well for them at all? "Come. All of you. We need to talk."

PKMN

"Will James come, do y' think deah?" Lady Kojiro asked her husband as she sat up in the bed, looking out the window.

"No. He has better things to do," Lord Kojiro answered, laying down on his own bed and cursing the fact they'd seen it fit to hook him up to IVs and monitors and apparently everything else under the sun. It was a slit arm, not a torn-up stomach! Granted by the time they got here he'd been faint and bordering on unconscious, and bleeding through the wrappings, but it had been fine! A couple more simple heal bells would have had him back to normal. At least that was what he insisted on telling himself.

"Stop it," she warned. "Takin' that tone about our baby."

"It is what it is, Dinah. He couldn't be bothered with his parents in the past, why should he be bothered with them in the present? We're the banes of his existence, remember? We know our place," he said.

"Enough," she warned seriously.

He winced and sighed. "He won't come. Just… don't be surprised at that," he finally said. "Don't… expect to see him for a long time after this either." If ever, he inwardly added. Dinah was quiet, a painful tightening in her throat. Soon she sighed, laying down on her hospital bed. "No more distracting people," he firmly said after a moment.

She smirked to herself. "This whole adventure was a one-time thing, do recall deah. This is the last time," she replied.

"It was the last time the mission before we retired too," Lord Kojiro flatly said.

"And twenty-five yeahs passed 'til this. I wouldn't worry if I was you," she said, smiling. She looked over at him and frowned. "Y' shore yoah alright?" she asked.

"I'll live," he answered. He rolled over to face her, examining her quietly. "I love you," he soon said. She smiled softly at him. "Seeing that man… hearing…"

"It's ovah, love. It's ovah," she murmured softly.

He swallowed and nodded. No one would touch her ever again... "Here's hoping. I wonder where James's next mission will take him," he said.

"Wherevah it is, I hope he'll be alright," she replied.

Elsewhere, floating around in the area of the black hills, was a small creature. "Mew!" it said, voice echoing over the land before it disappeared into the hills...

END

Final A/N: Thank you all those who read the story. I'm grateful for it, as well as for the reviews left. The next story in the series will be called 'Double Trouble 4: Mew Returns', an obvious play on 'Mewtwo Returns'. I hope it will be enjoyed. Thanks again for reading. Reviews, ideas, and constructive, not condescending, criticism welcome.

