Chapter 3: Many Years Ago
Many Years Ago…

(A/N: I probably should have put this at the start, but better late than never I suppose. This story contains pretty touchy subject matter. It may even elicit a trigger warning. Apologies in advance if it does.)

"Sir, it's a beautiful day out. Can we please go on a picnic today? Please, please, please," James begged while the man was playing his regular 'dress-up' game with them. James more so than Hun. James looked fairly girly, but more needed to be added to put him on Hun's level, Hun knew. The older scoffed in disgust.

"Aren't you having fun here, James? Am I boring you? What, am I not fun enough for you? You've hurt my feelings," the man, Daniel, replied, putting James through a mini guilt trip. Soft touch James was, he immediately felt bad.

"I-I'm sorry, sir, I never meant to hurt your feelings!" James insisted. He was afraid the man would punish Hun again for his mistake. He didn't like that Hun kept taking punishments for him. "I'm not bored. I'll stay. I'm sorry." Hun inwardly willed James not to apologize to this man. The man finished putting James—completely oblivious to what was truly happening to him—in a dress. Hun scowled darkly. The older knew why this 'caretaker' did such things… "It's just so nice out, and we haven't been outside for weeks," James persisted. For that Hun was partially glad, because you see, though naïve James was no fool. The boy was beginning to get a sense the something wasn't right. Of course he'd had that feeling for some time, but only recently was he beginning to clue into just how not right it was… Hun praised the younger child inwardly.

The man frowned, looking angry a moment before masking it and smirking. "Very well. On one condition. You, my little china doll, must do something for me…" he replied.


"What is it?" James questioned. "Help you pick up the toys Hun never lets me see?"

"Yes," the man answered, smiling. Hun, feeling close to vomiting from rage and disgust, lost control and surged forward without hesitation, immediately attacking the man viciously in front of the horrified James!

Roughly Hun fought the man out of the little room and grabbed a knife, attempting to stab him. Murder burned in the child's eyes. The much bigger, much more powerful, much more experienced, and much older man seized the blade, however, and pulled it away. Hun leapt back, scowling at him. "I'll kill you if you touch him, Daniel," the child evenly threatened.

The man, scowling angrily, roared, "Not if I kill you first!"

Hun's lips curled in a scowl. "Stop!" James insisted desperately from the door. Hun and the man, Daniel, turned sharply to him. "I just wanted to go on a picnic, but I wouldn't have asked if I'd known you two would try and hurt each other! I just wanted to go outside!" he screamed, almost hysterical.

Hun quickly went to him, placing hands on the young boy's shoulders. "James!" the older firmly said, trying to draw the boy out of his hysteria. James was breathing quickly but at least had stopped struggling and avoiding eye contact. He blinked up at Hun, sniffing back tears. "Little brother, you will have your picnic… This wasn't your fault, James-kun… This is something else entirely." Hun turned to the man and half pled half ordered, "Give him this. No strings attached… Just give him this…"

The man glared coldly at Hun. Finally Daniel replied, "Very well… but I will be speaking to you about what I get in return for being so benevolent."

"What else is new?" Hun replied icily.

PKMN

Soon Daniel was driving them towards a beautiful clearing in the forest that was not far from the Swamplands. James was excited, grinning. He wanted to explore the marshes. He wouldn't let Hun know that, though. Hun would only refuse to let him go off alone. He grinned at Hun, but his grin fell. Kyodai didn't look excited. Kyodai looked distant and ponderous. James looked down. He wished his big sibling was more excited. It was no fun if he was having fun and Hun wasn't.

Hun noted James's changed demeanor and sighed. The child turned to James and offered a smirk, eyes glittering in excitement… Of course that excitement came from thinking of all the ways they could finally escape from the man and be free. In the forest the man wouldn't find them, they only had to run… But that was wishful thinking, no more and no less… Daniel always found them… The excitement faded, but the older child was sure to turn away from James, who was now grinning again in relief, before the younger could see the change.

The car pulled to a stop and the trio went into the meadow. Daniel spread out a picnic blanket and put down the basket, removing the food from it. All of it was either processed or packaged, haphazardly heated up and tossed together with some junk foods that had no sustenance whatsoever. "Don't be shy, children. Eat up," he cooed to them. Hun had watched carefully as Daniel packed the less than impressive lunch, wanting to be sure the man didn't try and slip anything into the meal. He hadn't, so there was no need to worry about James in that regard, but just in case precautions had been taken. Hun knew how to make food, it was self-taught, so making James something better and much more healthy than this… processed garbage, hadn't been a problem.


James looked over the food dubiously. Hun reached into the basket and brought out a lunch that actually looked like real food. The older slipped it over to James, who grinned happily. Hun had packed him food! He looked up at his okina kyodai gratefully, then frowned in confusion. Why didn't Hun have one too? "Senpai, where is yours?" James asked.

"Kohai, I like the food already here," Hun lied. The truth was that the last of the decent ingredients in the house had been used up to make James this meal. James smirked, nodding, but there were hints of doubt behind his eyes. The boy was becoming wiser with time… Soon enough James would realize something wasn't right and never had been… Hun dreaded that day… James bit eagerly into the big sandwich and began to quickly eat. Hun lamely picked at the food, hardly ever looking up from the ground. Daniel began to rub the older child's back in anything but innocence. Hun stopped and not a muscle moved. Pain flickered in grey eyes before being banished.

Don't feel. Don't allow yourself to feel. To feel will be to feed his longings...

But then again, not feeling was doing no good either… How much worse would it be if Hun reacted this time? Or how much better…? No, Hun wouldn't risk testing it.

Soon enough James finished eating and scrambled up. "Daniel, can I go explore in the forest a bit?" James asked hopefully.

"I was about to tell you to," Daniel replied. Hun's eyes closed, knowing what that meant. At least Daniel was willing to hold off until James wouldn't see… Or hear…

"Yay! Okina kyodai, are you coming too?" James asked.

"Hun hasn't finished eating," Daniel said to James.

"Oh," James said, looking at little upset at this. He smiled quickly after, though. "But when you're done you can come too!"

"I'll tag along as well," the man said, not inclined to let the duo out of his sight alone together for even a moment. That would give them opportunity to flee. That was unacceptable. James grinned, scrambling up and racing off into the forest, eyes sparkling mischievously. Great Marsh was through here. He'd always wanted to see it, and now he could without Hun being protective and telling him he couldn't! Soon enough he vanished…

PKMN

Daniel suddenly and tightly grabbed and forced Hun down onto the ground, the child letting out a squeal of surprise before trying to struggle. The little one was no match for the full grown man and never had been. They both knew it. Hun was swift and lithe, and many times could manage to slip away, but there was nowhere to go to, and the man would keep pursuing until he had what he wanted, and Hun had virtually no muscle but the man was ripped… In this position it was best to just let it happen instead of trying to get away. That would anger Daniel and Daniel might try and hurt James instead to get back at Hun. Daniel preferred little boys but he liked looking at little girls too, so that Hun could pass as either appealed very much to him. Daniel liked James for the same reason. Hun took a deep breath, bracing for it like always, eyes tightly closed and tongue being bitten to keep from crying out. The child prayed James wouldn't come back and see... Daniel got comfortable and it began…


PKMN

James skipped through the marsh, carefree and happy and unconcerned about anything, even the potential threats in this swampy land; drowning, quicksand, rogue Pokémon, etc. James didn't even think about any of that. He was too excited to be free and outside again. He didn't like being cooped up in the house and not allowed outside. It made him feel trapped and stir-crazy. Perhaps he was trapped… That dark thought came and went as quickly as it had appeared. James forced it to. He wouldn't leap to conclusions… But was it leaping…? Again he pushed the thought away. Perhaps he just was in denial…

He suddenly heard a distressed cry and turned with a gasp. His eyes widened. There, trapped in the mud, was a wild Carnivine! "Oh no," James said, concern and worry springing to his eyes. He wanted to go to it, but then it might attack him in its fear or try and eat him, but he couldn't just leave it to die. He reached into a pocket and drew out the only Pokeball he'd ever carried. It was Growlie's, once, but then he'd released Growlie, so it was empty now. He tucked it back away, eyes narrowing determinedly, then plunged headlong into the mud to drag the Carnivine out.

The Carnivine growled at him and snapped, but it was tired, James saw. It was very tired. "Easy boy, I don't want to hurt you. I'm trying to help," James cooed gently to it. He reached out his hand slowly. The Carnivine snapped meekly at it but then gave up, exhausted. It began to sniff the hand curiously. "Here, you can have this," James said, carefully bringing out some food and holding his hand out again. The Carnivine sniffed then snapped it eagerly up. It must have been here a long time. It was starving, it seemed. Which probably meant freeing it would be signing his own death warrant, but he couldn't leave it, he just couldn't.

James took hold of it and pulled and pulled, and finally he got the tired Carnivine out of the mud. He swallowed nervously as it looked at him. He cried out as it suddenly pounced on him and wrapped around his body. It was going to eat him! Wait, this tickled. Soon enough he was laughing gleefully as the Pokémon showed its gratitude. "Stop it, Carnivine, stop! I'm ticklish, and I'm not food!" James insisted through giggles.

"Carnivine," the Carnivine gratefully replied.

James grinned at it, turning around. "You must be starving. We have a picnic back in the meadow through the woods, but it's not very good food. At least it's something, though. You must have been stuck a long time. Can you move much?" he asked.

"Nivine," the Carnivine replied in distress, shaking its head.

"Oh… Well, I can bring you there. If you want, that is. I have a Pokeball. Would you like to come with me? I don't have any Pokémon yet. My growlithe I set free because he needed to go home to mummy and daddy to comfort them since I ran away from home and they might be sad," James said, pulling out the Pokeball.

"Carnivine!" Carnivine eagerly replied, immediately activating it himself and entering into the Pokeball.

"All right, I earned my first Pokémon!" James cheered excitedly, pumping his hand in the air. "I can't wait to show Hun!" Immediately he set back towards the picnic at a run, forgetting how dirty and muddy he was. Hun would probably be mad and lecture him, but he hardly even cared. He was too excited!


PKMN

"You did well, Hun," Daniel praised, climbing off the little one. Hun lay still a moment longer, willing away the nausea and pain. Slowly sitting up, the child began dressing, forcing back the feelings of shame and disgrace. "You've been enjoyable. You're starting to get a little old for my tastes, though. Honestly, I've held onto you longer than others I've had. Remember the last one, Hun? Your surrogate sibling just like you're James's? The one before him lasted longer as well, but not by much. You've broken the record. Maybe James will break yours…"

"You won't touch James," Hun hissed through gritted teeth, eyes closed tightly. It hurt to remember the other one. One day he'd just disappeared, and Hun hadn't known where he'd gone for the longest time… But time revealed many things, and Hun had learned the truth eventually. Buried under the house with many other bodies of little ones who had gone missing, who were never missed, or who had been sold to the man like Hun had been... Or so Daniel claimed, but that could be a lie. Daniel often lied. He liked to trick desperate parents who didn't know what his true intentions were… Then again, Daniel was vehement that Hun had been sold so maybe it was true. The saddest part of it all was that even if it was so, somehow, for some unfathomable reason, the child still missed them and wished they would come back one day to rescue their little one… They never would, of course, but still Hun missed them so badly… Why had they sold their baby? Were they just that worthless and good-for-nothing, or had there been another reason? Hun didn't know and couldn't remember, and probably never would…

"You won't be able to do much when you're dead," Daniel coldly murmured, playing with a strand of Hun's hair.

"You admit so freely you're a serial killer," Hun growled.


"You'll never tell. You won't get the chance… And neither will James… I think I'll tell him you fell or that you took your own life because you hated him or some other such lie," the man replied. He grabbed the child's head, bending it to the side and preparing to snap the neck! Hun cried out in fear.

"Hun, Daniel, guess what!" James suddenly called from the woods, racing back into the meadow.

Immediately Hun was released, gasping in relief and turning quickly and gratefully, silently thanking James and this distraction a thousand times over. THe child started and frowned curiously, raising an eyebrow on noticing James's muddy condition. Ototo had gone into the marsh? Was he crazy? That place could be a death trap if one didn't know what they were doing, and even experienced hikers had fallen victim to its treacherous sinkholes, predators, and drop-offs!

"James, what were you thinking going into the marsh?!" Hun demanded, personal well-being forgotten for the sake of the younger one who needed to be protected, and needed to be saved and watched over, and needed to be provided for because he was too young to have to do it himself like Hun had had to do. The child wouldn't wish that fate on anyone, James least of all.

"I'm sorry, Hun-sama, but I was curious! It's okay. I'm back and well, plus guess what?! I caught my first Pokémon ever!" James proudly said, displaying the now filled Pokeball with a grin. "Growlie was a gift from mummy and daddy, but this one is the first I've ever caught on my very own," James boasted. "Want to see? It's a Carnivine!" Immediately he released it without awaiting an answer.

"Nivine!" Carnivine exclaimed, diving at the picnic meal and devouring it quickly.

James grinned excitedly. "The poor thing was caught in the mud and it was sinking and it was starving, and I couldn't just leave it to die so I pulled it out and I thought it might eat me but it didn't! It was grateful and I offered to bring it back with me to feed it and asked if it wanted to come with me. It agreed so here we are," James swiftly narrated. "Carnivine, return." Immediately Carnivine did so. James tucked away the Pokeball, still grinning. "What do you think of him?" he asked.

PKMN

Hun blinked blankly, still trying to process the rush of words James had used. Finally the other replied, "That's amazing…" And it really was. A wild Carnivine caught in a matter of seconds? All James had to do was ask? It was remarkable…

"What was your first Pokémon, Senpai?" James questioned Hun.

Hun blinked blankly then shifted a bit awkwardly. "I… haven't caught one," the other admitted, albeit reluctantly. "I haven't had much opportunity to try."

"Really? Wait, I have an idea! We can go on a Pokémon journey together! I'm not old enough yet, but you are, and you had only just started one when you found me and then had to start taking care of me—I'm sorry for making you have to stop, Hun, I really am—but now that I'm better you can start again and take me too!" James said.


"I never regretting having to stop for you," Hun replied, unable to help a little smirk. James grinned.

Protectiveness surged through Hun as the older child felt the rage radiating from Daniel. Daniel didn't like losing control. Daniel didn't like his little toys doing or discussing things he didn't approve of… Imagine the surprise Hun felt, then, when Daniel said, "James, I think that's a wonderful idea."

Hun started, turning sharply with eyes narrowed. Something wasn't right here… "You really don't mind, sir?" James asked hopefully.

"Not at all. In fact I'll bring you and Hun to the Pokémon lab first thing tomorrow and Hun can select a starter, then you two can be off," Daniel said. "We'll go home soon, but Hun and I are going to take a walk along the riverbank first. You stay here and play with your Carnivine."

And therein lay the trap, the older child realized immediately. An 'accident' that left Hun either drowned or with a snapped neck wouldn't be suspicious, and to learn of the death would greatly shake James to the point James wouldn't be inclined to leave again and Daniel could take back control. James would be at his mercy, at that point, vulnerable and in mourning, and the younger boy would be easy prey. Daniel could get rid of the Carnivine simply enough and just tell James it had run away because it didn't like him. That would in turn weaken and hurt James all the more… James would be completely malleable to this sick and twisted man's fantasies…

"Okay," James agreed smiling brightly, so oblivious to what was about to befall him… Daniel took Hun's hand and began walking away. Hun looked back at James as they went towards the woods. James was so good, so pure, so innocent… No… No! Hun wouldn't let it happen, no!

Suddenly and viciously Hun jerked away from Daniel and ran towards James. "James, run!" the child ordered.

James started and looked over, flustered. "But…" he began.

"Ototo, run!" Hun repeated. Confused, James turned and began racing towards the woods, putting complete trust in Hun. Soon enough Hun caught up and seized his hand, dragging him along behind.

"Hun, what's happening? Why are we running?!" a now panicked James demanded, fear in his eyes. Something was wrong after all. James was surprised, honestly, that he wasn't surprised to learn this.

"Keep going, brother," Hun replied calmly as Daniel screamed and bellowed curses and threats after them.

"But I can't keep up!" James wailed, tears of fear threatening his eyes now.

"If I slow down for you, ototo, how will you ever get better?" Hun answered simply. James shivered at the words Hun had used. Once before the other had spoken them. This time, though, the stakes were much higher.

PKMN

The two children were panting, pushing through the bushes towards the marsh. There was no cover there, Hun knew, but maybe it would swallow Daniel up… Or them… Of course at this point Hun was dead either way. The older feared, though, what would happen to James. James didn't deserve this, not any of it. He shouldn't have to be risking death for a reason he didn't even understand. He didn't deserve to fall victim to Daniel who now, should he catch them, would hurt James so much worse than he had ever hurt Hun and make Hun watch before killing the older in front of the younger… James would suffer… James would pay… James would take the consequences of Hun's actions, and that wasn't right in Hun's eyes!

"Keep going, otouto," Hun insisted through breaths. The older realized they had slowed greatly. The older saw how exhausted James was.

"Hun, please! What's going on?!" James sobbed. He was trying hard to keep up, but his legs burned from the effort of trying and he was scratched up from the bushes and his little body just couldn't take this mad dash for whatever… But he didn't question his okina kyodai. Okina kyodai understood what they were doing. James could trust Hun, he could! He would trust Hun no matter what because Hun had never given him reason not to trust.

Hun slid to a stop, looking around, then pulled James onward once more. "He is a bad man, James. Daniel is a very bad man," Hun said.

"But he takes care of us!" James protested.

"He kills little children once he becomes bored of them," Hun replied, skipping over the details. "I had a surrogate big sibling once, like I am to you. Daniel killed him, he killed him! And he buried him under the house with the bodies of other little ones. He likes them, James. He likes to play with them, but not in a good way. He likes to hurt them, and when they get too old for his tastes he gets rid of them and moves onto the next. He wants to kill me now, and then he'll start to hurt you. He'll hurt you very badly, and when you begin getting too old he'll take another little child and begin grooming them too."

James's eyes were wide in terror. He wasn't sure what Hun meant by a lot of it, but he got the gist. Daniel hurt little kids, which meant he was hurting Hun—though what Hun meant by hurting James wasn't sure, and probably didn't want to know—and then when they got too old for his liking he killed them and moved onto another. "Wh-what did he do to you?" James demanded in tears. He wanted to know! What was Hun hiding?

"Never mind, little brother. Know only that had he taken me into the woods, I would have come back dead in his arms either drowned or with my neck snapped. He would have told you it was an accident but he would be lying. If he kills me, James, you don't stop to be sad! You keep running and running and running until you're far away, and when you're safe then you can be sad for me and cry, but not before!" Hun shot.

"No! I-I won't let him kill you!" James protested, tears blinding his vision as he wept. "I can't-I can't do it without you, Hun! I'm not good enough or smart enough or old enough or brave enough!"

"Ototo, you are more than good enough, and you are smarter than you even know you are, and you are old enough… And James, you have to be brave, you must be. You are. You will be brave when the time comes you have to be. I know you will," Hun said.

"Don't leave me!" James screamed angrily and fearfully and miserably, clutching onto Hun's hand in a death-grip.

"I'm doing all I can not to," Hun promised.

PKMN

They ran out into Great Marsh and raced through it. A little farther and they'd be in a town where they could get help. Just then they heard a truck roaring and turned. James's eyes widened in fear. "It's Daniel!" he exclaimed. Hun cursed and cut quickly off the safe path, racing blindly into the unknown. They ran towards some cover, but the truck was roaring nearer and nearer. Hun suddenly thrust the terrified James into a log and covered it with some brambles. "Stay here! I'll lead him off," Hun said.

"No! Don't leave me!" James screamed. "I'll come, I'll move faster, just don't leave me!"

"Stay here, ototo. I'll come back for you. I promise," Hun vowed. Gently Hun kissed James's head and ruffled his hair before swiftly bolting out of hiding. Daniel had gotten out of his truck. Of course. Why would he risk sinking his precious truck? Immediately he gave chase. James watched helplessly from his place of hiding, tears burning his eyes. He sobbed, covering his mouth...

Hun had led Daniel back into the woods away from James and soon heard no further pursuit. For a moment the child was almost convinced it would be okay… And then James screamed, and the sound chilled Hun through to the bone... Hun slid to a stop, paling, and immediately turned around and booked it back towards the marsh. "James! James!" the child screamed, shoving out of the underbrush and sliding to a stop. Daniel's truck was racing away! "James!" Hun cried out, immediately giving chase. "Daniel, bring him back! Daniel, I'll kill you! I'll kill you!"

PKMN

It wasn't until about half an hour later that Hun managed to track them. The child gazed numbly down at the burning blaze consuming the wreckage of Daniel's truck. The little one could hardly breathe, mouth opening and closing as if wanting to scream but unable to. Daniel would not have ditched his truck… "James!" Hun found the power to scream, racing down towards it desperately… It was stupid to do because any second now that thing could blow up, but Hun didn't care. "James, James answer me! Otouto! Ototo!" The child reached the truck and gasped, spotting a figure inside. It was Daniel! Next to him on the seat was a bag that looked to contain a body! "James!" Hun cried out. Hun scrambled around the other side, choking on the smoke and the toxic scent that was pouring off the burning wreckage. Hun reached the door and seized the blazing hot handle, trying to pry it open. Hands burning, the child bit back a shriek of pain but kept trying to pull it open. "James!" Hun cried again, giving up on opening the jammed door and trying instead to break the window with a heavy stick. The child was too young and small, though, to have the strength to do so.

The flames had reached the gas. The truck was going to blow up, but Hun wasn't leaving without James, no! The child hit the window again. Again it failed to break. The fire reached the gas. Here came the explosion, Hun knew. It was too late now for either of them. Hun swallowed, eyes closing. Here was hoping it would be quick. All at once something exclaimed, "Onix!" Hun's eyes flew open as suddenly a wild Onix appeared! It wrapped around the little one swiftly and dragged Hun away from the truck.

"No!" Hun screamed as the truck blew up. The Onix dove, shielding the child with its body completely. The next moment Hun passed out…

PKMN

Softly moaning, the young one's eyes flickered open weakly. The child winced, bringing a hand to his, or her, head and carefully sitting up. The little one remembered tracking Daniel's car and finding it on fire and… Hun's eyes shot open. James! Then there was an explosion but a wild Onix appeared and saved Hun and… wait… The child looked back. Onix was what was being leaned on right now! And it was sleeping. Hun started, standing up and wavering unsteadily. The Onix steadied the child with the tip of its tail, opening a sleepy eye and growling menacingly.

"You took me away from there! My little brother was in that truck!" Hun shouted at it.

The Onix raised itself up then picked an item up in its mouth, setting it down in front of the little human it had saved. It was the sack! Hun's eyes widened and the child immediately dove into it before starting and pulling out nothing but clothes and other various assorted things. James hadn't been inside the truck… But then where had he been…? Hun felt a stinging sensation threatening their eyes, but willed it away. The child looked towards the horizon, expression grieved. James would be found, he would… But even as that promise came to mind, the child knew it was a lie… Hun would never see James again… The little one almost wept in that moment, but wouldn't allow it. No… No more weeping… No more feelings, no more emotion, no more anything… No more anything… Hun was done. Just done… The child looked at the Onix and drew out a Pokeball. Well, this was as good a place to start as any.

"Come with me," Hun said to it simply. It wasn't an order, it wasn't a request, it was just a suggestion. A statement. There was no hint of emotion there… There never would be again… The Onix raised its head, curiously and ponderously looking at the Pokeball. Finally it nodded and Hun captured it. Hun looked at the ball quietly then tucked it away. Without a word more, the young one left, leaving the bag and the past behind once and for all…