11Chapter 2: Hun
Hun

Hun sat in the cell, head resting against the wall. The doors opened and Attila cried out in pain as their captors thrust him inside, doubtless after yet another bout of torture. That meant it would be Hun's turn soon enough. The agent glanced at Attila and inwardly winced, though outwardly appeared unmoved. Attila could hardly move. It was obvious bones had been broken, and there was quite a bit of blood. No doubt he'd fought back. He always did, to his detriment. Hun rose and approached him, kneeling and helping Attila stagger over to the bench.

"Did you say anything?" Hun asked.

"That's the first thing you can say to me?" Attila dubiously asked, voice laced with pain. "Here I thought I was your friend."

"You are. You should have talked," Hun said.

"This coming from the one who would crack open the cyanide capsule in their tooth before they said anything?" Attila asked. "Death before dishonor and all that."

"What I would do is not what you should feel obliged to do," Hun replied. "Next time talk… Should they bring you back in a body bag, I would never forgive myself..."

"Wow… That's got to be the most caring thing you've ever said to anyone," Attila replied as he raised an eyebrow, vaguely surprised.

"There was another, once upon a time…" Hun mused aloud, thinking back. Attila raised an eyebrow but didn't press.

Past

James was being brave, Hun had to admit. The child watched with something akin to admiration. It was rare that Hun was impressed by anyone, but James… The young boy was not overly impressive in any way, yet there was something about him that just stood out. "Growlie, you need to go home now. Mumsy and daddy need you there. You can't come with me. Not this time. Growlie whimpered and vehemently shook his head, refusing to go. "Please, Growlie, don't make this harder than it has to be!" James pled, suddenly sobbing and hugging his Pokémon close.

"Growl, growlithe!" Growlie howled.

"I-I w-won't be-be gone f-forever, Growlie. I'll come back one day, I promise!" James wept, clinging onto his pet as if the Growlithe were his lifeline. What was so impressive about this sorry sentimental display, some might ask? Simple. The love and the bond this boy shared with his Pokémon was unlike anything Hun had ever seen. If he only tried, James could perhaps one day become a master trainer. One of the very best in fact… And honestly, little had ever touched Hun before… This goodbye was actually managing to nip at emotions the young one had long buried away… What was being witnessed here was so different from what the child was used to. The child who had never seen Pokémon as anything more than tools that could be used to one's advantage. Now James was challenging all Hun had ever known. James had been the first and only one to make Hun feel such a thing so easily… "So long, Growlie. I'll miss you so much!" the young boy brokenly called. Growlie howled, refusing to leave, but James sobbed, wiping his eyes, and raced away. Swiftly Hun followed him, the two leaving the howling and devastated Growlithe behind.

"James-chan!" Hun called after the younger one. Catching him quickly, Hun turned him around hugging him tightly.

James sobbed against Hun's chest. "I-I'm a-all al-alone now! Growlie has been with me through everything and now… now I have no one!" he wailed miserably.

"Ototo, you have me… You have me…" Hun promised calmly. "I won't leave you. I'll always be here, I promise…"

"You-you will?" James vulnerably asked.

"I will. Forever," Hun vowed. James buried himself against Hun tightly.

Present

Unfortunately, just as James had been the first to make Hun feel pity, the first to make the agent feel protective, and the first ever accepted as a companion and friend, he had also been the first to make Hun break a promise… That hadn't come until some years later, true enough, but nonetheless it had come; and Hun regretted that it had to this day…

Attila laid back, willing the pain to stop. His partner could do little to help him without anything to use, and Attila would only end up hurt more if Hun attempted to bind the arm with what little was here. "It's gotten worse over time, the 'interrogation' sessions. This is the roughest they've ever been. The torturers are men. You might want to drop your little gender neutral game and favor a feminine role. Maybe it'll get you some leniency," Attila wryly remarked. "Maybe they won't be so rough."

"Attila, were I to favor the feminine role it would only ensure I suffered all the more," Hun replied.

"Why?" Attila asked. Hun gave him a look. Attila caught on, eyes widening. "Oh god!" he exclaimed in horror, looking appalled.

"Precisely. The torture would only be that much worse," Hun said. There was a pause as the agent thought a moment. "You all fear for me… Don't… I may seem to others delicate, but trust me… I've been hurt before... Very badly... I'm not afraid of pain, nor of death…"

Attila looked over at his partner, curiosity and worry in his eyes. Hun wouldn't elaborate, though, he knew that all too well. It was as much Hun's weakness as it was Hun's strength. "They're going to break you like a twig," he said to his friend. The other was quiet. They would see. Hun could bend as far as a blade of grass in the wind, but break? That was another story. Hadn't yet at least. Not completely.

Past

Hun watched, eyes reflecting worry, as James deteriorated. The older child felt the younger's forehead and inwardly winced. James was burning up. If the two of them didn't get proper medical attention soon… Hun sighed in frustration, drawing a hand through white hair, eyes troubled. They would never make it in time attempting to move James to the hospital on foot. Not from here… Hun had no other choice. No other choice but to go back there…

"James-chan? James, can you hear me?" Hun asked.

James moaned and his eyes weakly flickered open. "Hun…?" he weakly asked. "Okina kyodai, I feel cold… And sick… I want mommy and daddy…" Tears were welling in the little one's eyes. Hun knew that wasn't a desire that could be fulfilled. James had never spoken before of his parents and his home, so Hun couldn't bring him back to them… But the older knew a place the two of them could go… Hun didn't want to go there. It was the last place the child wanted to go… But it would mean James's life if nothing was done...

Gently Hun reached out and brushed away ototo's tears and pushed his eyes closed. "You'll be alright, James. I promise… I won't let anything happen to you…" James struggled to stay awake but soon gave up, falling asleep once more. Hun feared that this time he wouldn't wake up, but the boy was a surprisingly determined fighter if he needed to be. Nonetheless, it wasn't a risk the older one was willing to take, and Hun was willing to take many. The life of little brother, though, was not a stake the child was going to gamble with. "I won't let anything happen to you…" Hun softly repeated.

PKMN

Hun pulled the younger child along in a wagon. There would have been no way James could have been carried all the way to the destination without the aid of that mode of transportation. The older child paused in front of a house, eyes reflecting stress and confusion. Swiftly, though, these feelings were forced back and Hun knocked. After a moment the door opened. There stood a man. He blinked down at the duo in shock. "Hun," he said in a mix between surprise and anger. "Well, well, well, look who decided to come back."

"I've come back not by choice but by necessity, Daniel," Hun answered coolly, pulling the wagon forward and uncovering James. Concern laced the child's expression as she, or he, gazed down at James. "He is sick… He may be dying… He needs help. You can provide it, I can't."

The man chuckled darkly. "My services come at a price. You know that," he replied.

"I realize it…" Hun quietly answered, looking down at the ground. "I'll pay it, but as long as I live and breathe you won't touch a hair on James's head. Do what you will with me, but James is off limits."

"If you insist, Hun," the man darkly said, thumbing the older child's cheek gently. Hun harrumphed and pulled the wagon inside.

PKMN

Hun watched James stirring. It was about time. James's eyes flickered weakly open. "H-Hun, wh-where are we?" he questioned weakly.

"Somewhere where you'll get better," Hun replied. "And the minute you do, we're leaving."

"Why?" James questioned, uncertainty coming to his eyes on noting the distressed glint in Hun's, which the other quickly hid away.

"Little brother, I will die to keep you safe. Know that. When I say we have to go, we have to go. I won't let the bad man hurt you ever," Hun replied.

"What bad man?" James asked. Hun just shook his, or her, head and left.

PKMN

"I'm going to break you like a twig!" the man, Daniel, grabbing Hun's arms and raising the child high up into the air, furiously screamed.

"You won't touch my little brother!" Hun defiantly shouted.

"I know you aren't his blood-sibling, don't play it like you are," Daniel replied with a smirk. "For your sake, Hun, you'll let me have your friend."

"I'll die first," Hun growled.

"You'll change your mind," the man stated dangerously, none too gently bringing the little one into a room. Hun cried out.

James watched uncertainly from hiding. He was worried. What happened to Hun in the room, he wondered curiously? Hun always said not to ask and not to go. Perhaps he should look anyway, but then Hun said that if he ever did he would be disemboweled through his mouth and have his brains pulled out from his nose like the Egyptians did to their mummies… James slipped away before he could be noticed and went back to bed, but concern was in his eyes. He didn't like the way the man took Hun away. Hun always got a distressed look in the eyes before hiding it, which was strange because Hun didn't get distressed, so whenever it happened James became worried. It meant something was happening that was very bad and he really wished he knew what.

James listened carefully. Sometimes he tried to hear what they talked about in that bedroom. Maybe they argued and that was why Hun didn't like to be here even though Daniel provided for them. He never could, though. He wanted to stay up until Hun came back. Maybe he could ask Hun questions and this time his big sibling would answer for once. He tried to stay awake, but slowly his eyes began to shut.

Just then he heard the bedroom door creaking. He peeked an eye open and saw Hun silently enter, looking to be in pain and not walking steady. Maybe Hun had gotten hurt? "Okina kyodai, did you fall?" James questioned worriedly, sitting up.

He heard Hun whisper something under the breath, and sharply the older one's eyes fell on him. James blinked obliviously. After a moment, Hun said, "You should be sleeping, James."

"I was worried. Did he spank you?" James asked.

Hun visibly shivered, an appalled look crossing her, or his, face before fading. After a moment of thinking up an answer, the other replied, "Yes, he did…"

"Was it because of me? Did I do something to make him angry?" James questioned worriedly. "Did he want to punish me but you took the blame? I don't want you to take the blame. I can accept the consequences for my actions if I break the rules. You don't have to take my punishments for me. I can take them," James insisted to his friend.

"You can't and you won't!" Hun shot sharply. James blinked up at the other in shock. Hun quickly recovered. "I'm sorry, James-kun. It's just… It had nothing to do with you… Not in that sense… You did nothing wrong, little brother. Neither of us did…"

"Then why did he bring you into the room?" James questioned.

Hun's eyes tightly closed, then opened again falling on James. "We were only talking, James… We were only talking…" the other finally said.

"About what?" James asked.

"It was nothing, little brother. Go to sleep," Hun replied, crawling swiftly into bed and shutting off.

"But…" James began.

"Goodnight, James," Hun said firmly. James blinked blankly, uncertain, then looked at the covers. He lay back down, deciding not to pursue the matter. He sensed that Hun wouldn't speak of it anymore.

Present

"Hey Hun? You think Giovanni will… will bother trying to send out a rescue party for us?" Attila wondered, uncertainty tinging his tone.

"Yes," Hun answered. "Yes…"

"Annie and Oakley, hopefully. And Tyson and Domino," Attila mused.

"Butch and Cassidy as well… And Jessie and James…" Hun added.

"They'll just get us killed all the quicker," Attila dryly said.

"You know that isn't so… You know what they have the potential to do…" Hun replied.

"Methinks you're putting too much faith in Jessie and James," Attila said.

"I'm not…" Hun assured. "James and Jessie will come through."

"What makes you so sure? I mean Jessie, maybe, but James?" Attila dubiously asked.

"I would put my trust in James before I would put it even in Oakley," Hun replied.

"Are you nuts?" Attila asked.

"No… Just trust me. He learned from one of the best," Hun replied. James would come through. He always had…

Past

They hadn't yet remembered each other, Hun and James, but their teams had been put together on a mission. It was primarily Jessie and James's quest, but the level of job was above what they were slated to do, and so Hun and Attila had been personally asked by Giovanni to keep an eye on how the trio did and give a full report on their return. Naturally they had done what their boss said without question. Jessie glowered at Attila and Hun's backs. "We don't need babysitters," she complained to James and Meowth.

"I wonder why Giovanni decided to have Attila and Hun accompany us as supervisors," James mused.

"Hope we didn't get on de boss's bad side," Meowth nervously remarked.

"What do you mean?" James asked.

"They may not be supervisors at all. Maybe dey're supposed ta be de…" he began. Meowth swallowed nervously and finished, "…executioners." Jessie and James stiffened, paling.

Instantly they clung to each other and wailed, "We're too fabulous to die!"

"Hey, will you three hurry up and get your butts in gear?! Get over here!" Attila called back at them. They swallowed nervously and reluctantly obeyed, still holding each other's hands as Meowth perched on James's shoulders shivering.

"Act as if this is any other mission. Perhaps we can still redeem ourselves," Jessie said to them.

"Um, Attila-sama, Hun-sama, did Giovanni happen to—oh I don't know—ask you to ki…" James began.

Jessie quickly covered his mouth, sending him a scathing and warning glare. James had no tact in matters like this. Quickly she continued, "Did he tell you why you were coming along with us? Was he disappointed in something, perhaps?"

"He told us to take care of business so that's what's going to happen. Don't try getting out of it," Attila replied.

"Take care of business?!" James exclaimed in terror as he, Jessie, and Meowth sweat-dropped, shivering. "We're doomed!" he exclaimed.

"You needn't worry. Only one of you will go," Hun said.

"O-o-one? Wh-which one? Wh-what did whoever it is do?" Meowth asked.

"It's hardly your place to ask questions, Scratch-Cat," Hun said.

"Then we'll ask for him! What he said," Jessie demanded in panic.

Hun gave her a cold look then answered, "Be patient. Wait and see."

PKMN

They were at rest now. Tomorrow morning they would reach their destination… wherever that might be… Attila was snoring in his tent, as was Meowth. Jessie was on watch. James and Hun were by the fire, Hun stoking it and James watching nervously. "Excuse me, senpai…" James cautiously began.

Hun looked up, raising an eyebrow. "Senpai? Well, that's certainly a new one. What is it you wish to know, kohai?"

"Out of curiosity, who is it that will…" James swallowed. "…go?" he finished.

Hun raised an eyebrow at the younger one's behavior, then answered, "Jessie."

"Jessie?!" James exclaimed in terror, eyes filling with fear and worry and alarm and protectiveness. "No, I won't let you!"

Hun started, looking at him oddly. "Excuse me?" the agent asked after a moment.

"I-I…" James began, but he found nowhere to go from there. "There is no better agent than Jessie, I swear it! She could be the best of the best if not for me, and I would vouch for her a thousand times over! Jessie doesn't deserve to go, Hun! She's too good for that! Please, let me take her place."

"You put yourself down too much, James," Hun remarked.

"Let me go in her place," James insisted again.

Hun raised an eyebrow at James. What was wrong with him? Perhaps he wished to come to enhance his own abilities? Hun tossed the stick that was being using to stir the fire into the blaze. Folding hands in front of mouth, Hun thought. After a moment the agent asked, "Are you sure about this?"

James swallowed nervously, looking painfully down and closing his eyes tightly. He looked back up, resolve renewed, and answered, "I am."

Hun was silent. Finally, arms crossing, the agent sat up straight. "Very well. Tomorrow you will come with me." James swallowed nervously and nodded.

PKMN

Tomorrow seemed to come all too soon. James had hardly gotten a wink of sleep the previous night. He hardly cared. It wouldn't matter soon anyway… Soon enough they arrived at their destination and began scouting it out. "No Twerps in sight," Meowth informed.

"Good, no one to stop our plans," Jessie said, smirking. "Err, what are the plans, exactly?" she questioned Attila and Hun nervously, boldness suddenly vanishing.

"This is the end of the line," Hun replied. Jessie, James, and Meowth clung to each other in fear. "One of you is coming with me down into the building. Attila will take the other two to the yard to wait for my return and tie up a few things. From there we will see."

"Dey're gonna make us dig de grave of de one gettin' executed! Oh cruel, harsh world," Meowth whispered to Jessie and James.

"James, you're coming with me," Hun stated.

Jessie and Meowth gasped in horror. James swallowed, nodded, then went to rise. "James, don't go!" Jessie pled, holding his hand and trying to pull him back down. "We'll figure a way out of this! Team Rocket always does!"

James jerked roughly free. "No!" he said. She fell back, startled. Jessie blinked up at him in shock. "No… Not this time, Jessica…" Jessie and Meowth's eyes quivered with tears. James smiled bravely at them, "Oh Jessie, Meowth, everything will be fine. Don't worry about me…"

Attila and Hun were watching on in confusion. "Wow… Lot of drama for an infiltrate, spy, hack, and steal mission," Attila remarked to Hun.

Hun shrugged and looked back at James. "James, it's time to go," the agent said. James nodded numbly and smiled reassuringly down at Jessie and Meowth.

He began walking away when Jessie and Meowth leapt forward, grabbing his ankles now full out weeping. "No, not James! Take me!" Jessie pled.

"Jimmy boy's too good for dis sinful Earth!" Meowth wailed.

"What are you babbling about?" Attila asked, more than a little weirded out by the display.

"James doesn't deserve to die, he doesn't!" Jessie insisted.

"Die?" Hun asked blankly. "This mission is hardly so dangerous… Unless, of course, we're caught… But then that's what cyanide capsules are for."

"Don't play dat game wit us! We know what you was sent for!" Meowth hissed.

"What, pray tell, were we sent for?" Attila questioned, put out.

"You were sent to execute one of us, of course!" Jessie replied.

"Excuse me?" Attila asked.

"Ah. That explains quite a bit," Hun remarked. The drama, the reactions, James's questions, the nervousness… everything, basically.

"You mean you weren't sent to execute us?" Jessie hopefully asked.

"No! Heck to the no!" Attila replied.

"I simply needed a companion to accompany me inside and watch my back. Attila severely lacks any modem of stealth, and even if he possessed it his bulk makes it near impossible for him to slip through vents or into areas not easily accessed by conventional means. My intention was to take you along, Jessie, but James volunteered to go in your place. I now see why."

"James, you did that for me?" Jessie asked, visibly touched. No one had ever done something like that for her before, offer to take her place when death was supposedly the outcome.

"Of course I did, Jessie. How could I do anything else?" James asked, taking her hands.

"Oh James!" Jessie exclaimed, throwing her arms around his neck.

"Oh Jessie!" James replied, holding her back.

They burst into tears. "We're going to live!" they exclaimed together.

"Let's hear it for de boss, Attila, and Hun!" Meowth exclaimed.

"Please don't. We have no time and a tight schedule. James, as this is supposed to be primarily yours and Jessie's mission, lead the way. I will observe and step in should the situation call for it," Hun said.

"Yes sir! Ma'am! You!" James replied, saluting. Hun's eyes rolled.

PKMN

Hun and James slinked through the building quietly. "Are you ready?" Hun asked him in a murmur.

James swallowed then nervously nodded. "Ready as I can be," he replied. "Um… I was hoping you would take the lead for this part. We're a little… unprepared, given the misunderstanding."

Hun nodded in consent. "Very well. Try not to fall behind," the agent stated. Swiftly Hun leapt out of the vent, landing on the ground. James nimbly followed. Hun set off at a fast pace. James fought to keep up, determined not to fall behind. Hun pulled up a hologram image of the building. "This room here is our destination," the agent stated.

"Roger," James replied.

"Once there we disable the traps and cameras then grab the Pokeballs in this room here," Hun continued, pointing out a vault-like room.

"Understood," James said, nodding. The senior agent began pulling off a series of complex maneuvers, likely inspired of parkour, to reach the destination. In seconds Hun had lost James. The agent thought about going back but decided against it. James knew where to go. He'd arrive in his own time, plus it would be good practice for him. If James wasn't there in ten minutes, Hun would go back to find him. Reaching the room and looking furtively around, Hun entered noiselessly.

"There you are. I thought I was far behind," a voice said. Hun started and spun, eyes widening. James was already there?!

"James?" the older said in shock.

"I've disabled the alarms and I'm working on the cameras and other security," James informed, turning back to the computer. Hun blinked in shock, stunned. "Hun?" James asked, uncertainty coming to his eyes as he uncomfortably shifted. Had he done something wrong?

To his surprise Hun smirked. Hun actually smirked. Which was a miracle in and of itself. It was a brief, flickering smirk, but a smirk nonetheless. "I must say, I'm quite impressed. I didn't honestly think you were up for this job."

James started then grinned, crossing his arms. He'd just been praised! By Hun of all people! "Not quite as pathetic as you all thought, am I?" he said.

"I never claimed I thought you to be pathetic. How did you manage?" Hun asked.

"When I was younger someone once said to me, 'If I slow down for you, how will you ever get faster?'" James replied. Hun started, expression becoming a look of shock. "Their words stayed with me to this day. Most of their lessons did, and I apply them whenever they come to mind, or try to… They pushed me to be more than I ever believed I could be…" Smile falling, he added, "I only wish I could remember who they were… They were a big sibling to me… a senpai… Much like I sometimes wish you and Attila would be for me and Jessie." Not that they ever would, Attila and Hun were probably above that, but still.

Hun blinked. After a moment the agent replied, "Your okina kyodai and you were running from a man that you both had just stolen from to feed yourselves… and I believe your senpai's words to you were, 'If I slow down for you, otouto, how will you ever get better?'"

PKMN

James started, looking quickly at the other. "How did you…?" he began, confused. His cut off, eyes lighting up in realization. He looked at Hun numbly. "Hun… It was… it was you?!" he exclaimed in shock.

"Yes. It must have been. I've said those words to no other," Hun stated, trying to remember. "Arceus… I had long forgotten what the name of that little boy was… It was too painful to remember…" the agent muttered only partly to James.

"Painful?" James asked, eyes quivering slightly.

"I thought he had died, and had he survived, the life I saw him living was not one worth existing in," Hun answered.

Before Hun could react, James was suddenly enveloping the agent in a bear hug. "It's you! It's really you!" he excitedly said, practically jumping up and down in his glee. Hun blinked blankly before putting arms around James gently, unsure how else to react. "You're here. You're still alive! I've-I've missed you so much, okina kyodai…" James mumbled, voice breaking slightly.

Hun was quiet. "And I you, otouto… And I you…" the agent finally answered, embrace tightening.

Present

The cell door was unlocked and Hun's eyes opened, looking to the ones who had just entered. Their sights were set on the white-haired agent. They seized Hun roughly, dragging their prisoner to his, or her, feet. Attila sat up, immediately defensive and ready to fight to help his friend despite his injuries. Hun waved him down and Attila, though reluctant, stopped, worry in his eyes. Roughly they dragged Hun from the cell and brought the agent to the 'torture chamber', as Attila and Hun had dubbed it. An archaic term for an archaic form of interrogation.

They threw Hun up against a wall and shackled the agent's wrists. A whip was brought out and Hun hissed in pain as they began lashing. Whipping was hardly what Hun considered brutal torture. Unfortunately, it was only a warm-up. They had much more in store. The only way to endure was to get lost in thought, and even that was iffy. A particularly violent blow landed, ripping through flesh and muscle. Hun bit back a cry. If ever they got out of this, the agent mentally promised to be much more proactive in settling persona affairs. Of course then again there was little Hun had to give and even fewer people to bequeath anything to. Say for Attila and Oakley there was only one other...

Hun's eyes closed as the agent thought back. It wasn't long ago that James had been promised an inheritance alongside Attila, Hun's only friend, and Oakley, for whom Hun had deep respect and admiration… Perhaps even affection… The agent had yet to put that in writing, however. Hun had been cut short in settling those affairs just prior to this mission…

Past

James watched curiously as Hun was writing on some papers, preparing for the next mission. It was supposedly quite a dangerous one. James bit into an apple, continuing to observe.

"I've decided that you will be an inheritor along with Attila and Oakley should I not return alive," Hun suddenly said.

James nearly choked on the piece of apple, and in fact almost had to give himself the Heimlich Maneuver to get it out. "Excuse me?!" he demanded, shocked at this. He'd known the mission was dangerous, but this dangerous?

"I have said it once, there is no need for me to repeat it again," Hun replied.

"Surely this mission of yours and Attila's isn't so deadly," James said.

"Death befalls us all, sometimes in the most unexpected of ways. People die, James; young, old, healthy, weak. Who can predict their dying day? The safest of events can become deadly in a second," Hun said.

James was quiet a long moment. After a time he said, "I couldn't ask for anything from you… I already have everything I could possibly want back home, at Nanny and Pop-Pop's, or in Jessie and Meowth."

"You're weak and sentimental," Hun replied, taking something from out of a pocket and holding it out to the young man. James caught his breath, eyes widening in shock. Hun inwardly smirked at the reaction. When they had been children, James had loved this small and precious jewel encrusted Flaming Motres made of gold, precious stones inlaid in it. It hung on a platinum and silver chain and James adored it. He was speechless. What could be said? "Should I die, this becomes yours," Hun declared, tucking it away. "If I can give you nothing else you don't already have, I will give you this." The agent turned back to the papers and James remained stunned, rooted to the spot.

"Hun, we have to go!" Attila exclaimed, opening the door. "Something's come up."

"Humph, I haven't had time to finish," Hun murmured. Attila's partner rose, leaving the papers behind, and turned to the still stunned and now concerned James. After a moment the agent placed a hand on his shoulder and said, "Don't worry for us… What will be will be. It won't be anyone's fault but our own." With that Hun left with Attila, James watching helplessly and uncomfortably after them. The rest was history.

Present

After what seemed to be hours of gruelling and progressively worse torture, they finally thrust the badly beaten, bloodied, and injured Hun to the ground, barely conscious. Hun was hardly aware of Attila calling in alarm, "Hun!" The agent was hardly aware of Attila spewing curses and threats at Team Plasma as he seized the bars of the cell door and shook them viciously.

Hun weakly rose to hands and knees, willing back a wave of nausea. "Enough, Attila… You will only make things worse."

Attila turned, alarmed, and returned to his friend's side. "Oh Arceus… You need help bad," he said. The injuries were worse than first thought then, Hun realized. If Attila was showing this amount of concern, wasn't teasing in the slightest, and was actually saying medical attention was needed, it was serious. Hun was vaguely aware of Team Plasma guards murmuring worriedly that the torturers had gone overboard and they weren't sure of something. Of what? Oh yes, they weren't sure the Rocket would make it. Well, said Rocket was managing fine for the present.

"Oh Arceus… Dammit, we have to get you help. Hey! Hey, my partner needs medical attention in here!" Attila called frantically. Not that he believed Team Plasma would bother, but surely not every operative in it was a psychopath or sociopath. After a moment the guards came to the door and peered in. They murmured to each other then looked back at Attila.

"We can't. You and your friend just happened to kill our doctor during your infiltration. Attila's heart dropped. Karma sucked, he decided. It sucked big time. He supposed it was only a matter of time before things started to even out and they began paying for their crimes, but man, not like this.

"Then find some other guy!" Attila insisted. "Let my partner go, if nothing else! I'll stay, just let Hun leave and get help!"

"Leave you behind? That would be the day," Hun murmured. Attila looked at the other, anguish in his eyes. Hun harrumphed, not about to leave Attila behind. The last time Hun had left someone behind, the agent had regretted it forever more…

